[b]Unknown Ship,
Near Caprica[/b]

Dark and light, moral and immoral, or the bright red line. Whatever you call it,, varCol crossed the lines so that nobody would need to. Sometime, he asked others to do so, as a fulfillment of their duties, but most often not. He did not want the darkness to spread.

"Where did you hide the hostage?" a harsh voice asked.

Just several hours ago, he was angry that Admiral Cain didn't approve of it. But in retrospect, it was better that way.

"BELIEVE ME! BELIEVE ME! I DON'T KNOW!" a second voice sobbed. "I DON'T KNOW!"

She had a goal to accomplish within a certain moral confine. Let her try. But if she failed, Fisher was willing to break a few eggs in the pursuit of technological advantages over the Cylons.

"Don't know? Or don't want to?" the first voice accused.

The intelligence officer watched as an interrogation continued. Torture and truth drugs were in his toolbox, but this was entirely illegal.

Everything in it was hidden even from the president and his own agency. Nobody was supposed to know. Nobody should know. It was an extremely small operation of his own making, which was a requirement to making secrecy air-tight.

Colonial society in general had abolished the death penalty. But military justice hadn't changed, and it especially took a dim view of war crimes.

He could be summarily executed. But more likely, he would be given a benefit of a fair trial, and then spaced. Ironically, the same would happen to pirates and terrorists, which were usually considered enemies of mankind. Funny how he was put in the same moral room as those monsters.

John Fisher was a monster, but he was a good monster.

"AHHHHHH! RAAAAH!" the scream continued until it became extremely hoarse.

"Tell me what I want to know, and I'll stop the pain."

"I DON'T KNOW!"

Fisher's phone rang, interrupting his view of the torture and interrogation session.

"Yes?" the colonel said.

"The sample analyzed, sir."

"Good. Drop it off at the south-side." The Colonel uttered an agreed upon random codephrase. The south-side was just that, it didn't mean anything to anyone listening.

"I want out of this, sir..."

"Sorry, but you and I know what will happen," he threatened. "I believe you are perfectly capable of imagining what will come next." Of course, he also possessed some very interesting Caprican pornography of the reluctant researcher and his lab partner. Some men or women are weak, lacking any kind of control over their sex drive, especially where they did it and with who. It was how this man came under the Colonel's thumb.

"No, you're right...I'll do what you asked."

"Make sure you destroy the phone and get a new one."

"I know, sir."

As soon as he was finished. He threw the phone into a trash can to be incinerated. It was encrypted, like all Colonial phones are. The law enforcement dream of 'security' was just that, a total and utter lie. The farce meant that the Colonial information infrastructure was wide open to Cylon cyberwarfare activities. This legacy meant that encryption was enshrined into the constitution as an explicit right, not to be tampered with.

One cannot weaken security measures without weakening it for all. Terrorists and pirates use it, but so does the everyday average joe.

But despite the protection that encryption provided, there was always the chance that he will get what he deserved sooner or later, like a pirate or a terrorist, or even a toaster.

The door creaked open as the interrogator walked out of the interrogation room.

"Report," the military officer said.

The interrogator shook his head. "No. He knew nothing. The locations he gave me are non-sense or that we had checked."

"Very well. Dispose of him."

The agent nodded his head and went back inside. The colonel quickly heard a sickening snap. The criminal was out of his misery. Soon, there will be nothing left of the body, and the whole ship recycled as scrap.

Fisher sighed. He had a visit to make. Right under Cain's nose, his agents managed to collect a sample of the Thirteener's ship armor. No doubt, it will prove very interesting.

---
[b]Conference Room
Battlestar Pegasus[/b]

Plans were cheap and easy to make. The Colonials have a plan for everything from a space scout uprising to sudden development of new technologies such as railguns. What they didn't have plans for, was first contact.

How did the admiralty missed something like this, Cain wondered.

It was moot now. Adama's quick thinking had managed to save the day, and the Earthers are now her responsibility.

Still, Colonial physicists did not even know that there were other possibilities for FTL travel, despite searching for other FTL phenomena.

The room slightly darken as everyone in the audience perked up. It was a mix of military officers and scientists, waiting for a presentation. She herself sat next to Doctor Gaius Baltar and Commander Adama.

A young man walked in, looking all nervous. The projector switched on as the room got darken.

"My name is Lieutenant Fleix Gaeta, and I will be presenting a simulation of the corvette built by the Earther and their ally," he said.

By then, it was agreed that the Earther and the other tribe and the ship was classified by military intelligence as tentatively "corvette."

The young man continued his presentation. "The simulation is there to showcase how the corvette might or might not work, but a lot of it is guesswork and unconfirmed. Other presentations will no doubt work with different assumptions."

Crude 3D artwork shown up on screen, together with other graphical representation.

"As you can see, it can fly like a fighter," he said. "As much as it could without antigravity anyway. As you know, antigravity technologies can work on larger vehicle, but the power of acceleration it gifted to vipers and smaller objects simply don't scale. If we didn't have this technology, our FTL drives wouldn't work, and neither would our fighter doctrine. Now before we continue...I am making certain assumption of their FTL drive which should....."
