[B]Apollo Hospital Ship[/B]
Meeting the thirteen tribe wasn't what she thought it would be, even with the expectation of surprise. It started with the design of their spacecraft, and only went further from there.

In her tablet she was holding was the file on the thirteen's tribe political demand and concession. It was a headache for her, and it was going to be a bigger headache for the president. They had outright denied that they were the thirteen tribe, with the only concession that the thirteen tribe might have influenced a region known as the Mediterranean sea and gave birth to classical Greek culture.

They however, denied any evidence of arkships or any other artificial object in their solar system, nor did they found any artificial objects in the ocean in the past two thousand years.

"Terran," she mouthed, as she absently walked through the hallway of the hospital ship. It was the collective name of the tribe of both Gaia and Earth, composing of several hundred independent nations, which was governed by a loose federation. Normally, she would celebrate the gain, but she realized how small the influence of Kobol was.

The language and anthropologist team had the misfortune or delight of learning about the hundred of languages that made up Earth, and the different cultural and religious tradition that made up their world.

Earth was a microcosm of diversity in ways that defy the Colonial's expectation, to say nothing of Gaia.

If the thirteen tribe ever settled Earth, which she thought has to be the truth, then they were immediately swallowed up by the rest of the planet's inhabitants who were already there.

Then it stood to reason that one cannot call them thirteen tribe. They were the people of Earth, and with Gaia, Terrans.

If one wanted to visit the thirteen tribe, one would had to visit Greece.

But even they had changed so much in the last two thousand years.

Could she even accept that they were not the brothers and sisters she thought they were?

Finally, the admiral stopped short of a conference room. She can hear loud shouting, which made her curious.

She opened the door. The officer immediately saw two man shouting words at each other, while the scientists gathered around the two. Accusation of crackpottery and dishonesty flew.

"Excuse me! What seems to be a problem here?" she shouted in her most authoritative and loud voice, disrupting the bitter argumentation in progress.

The doctors and social scientists all turned their head toward her.

"Admiral Cain, we were having an scientific dispute," a woman whose name escaped the admiral said.

"If it was a scientific dispute, then it's avery heated one, with two doctors shouting at each other?" Helena Cain noted.

"THAT MAN is accepting what they are saying at face value. Their refusal to admit they are thirteen tribe?" Doctor Rene said. "It can only be propaganda."

Immediately, Cain knew the opponent. Not only he was the other man shouting, she knew him to be a controversial figure in the academic community, a very opinionated man who seems to hold little conviction in the works he written.

"Then it stand to reason that they have a Ministry of Information and Truth," she said. No such agency had ever existed in the federal government. It was a literacy reference to a novel about a dystopian society in which Truth became Lie, and Lie became Truth.

"I am not implying that, admiral," Doctor Rene defended himself. She can see the subtle smirk on Rene's opponent, who was trying to hide his smugness. "Obviously, there's no way they could create such an effective brainwashing governmental organ. No one can."

"Maybe not, but it was not a lie if they believe it so throughly that it was not a point of disagreement among the crew, and there were many belief systems present. In any case, we are given a political demand before they will receive visitors from the media and other officials. I expect you to abide by it."

"I am still calling them the thirteen tribe!" Rene said.

"This is wreckless, even if what they said is a lie," Gray responded.

"I have constitutional rights, you know!"

"Then I'll have you removed from the project if you don't play by the rule," Cain responded to the stubborn doctor. She glared at the social scientist. "Do I have to remind you that you are under the NDA and under contract?"

Rene muttered under his breath.

The admiral turned her head toward Doctor Gray. "Doctor, isn't this the fifth time you got into a dispute with somebody." She saw the man sweated slightly under her scrutiny.

"It's unavoidable when you have differing opinion," he excused himself.

"I am sure you say that to everyone, but different opinion or not, I expect less shouting matches and more harshly worded and polite debate. And I won't hesitate to remove you from the project if needed be. Did I make myself clear?"

"Yes, admiral."

"Good. I expect you be to be on your best behaviors when you present your opinion to the leadership before the media arrived."

"Yes, admiral," the men said it like they were good schoolboys.

"As for everyone else, with the exception of the machine language team, go and disperse to your work."

The crowd broke into small chatters as the linguists stayed behind.

"Status report?" she asked. The team leader simply shook his head.

"As I said before, we're working the best as we can. But machine translation can only do so much," the leader, Doctor Peter Karl said.

"'English' is a bastard language, as the thirteener said," another linguist informed.

"Terran," Cain corrected.

"Right, Terran."

"As expected. I didn't hope for miracle. But I need you eggheads to focus on getting communication rights rather than working on machine translation. Crude is better than committing gaffe either between them or us. Borrow anthropologists if you have to."

"We can't just shift gears like this!" Karl protested.

"I am sorry for disrupting your focus, but this became rather urgent, and I regret for not allocating more wisely in the first place and you'll have to put out fire. But it is what it is."
