[b]Battlestar Pegasus
Virgon Orbit[/b]

"You want what?" Admiral Cain asked with disbelief.

"We need to consider technological theft," the officer in front of her said again. A colonel, John Fisher headed a subsection of the Colonial Fleet, Colonial Intelligence. They were involved in counterterrorism and antipiracy operations, but also tasked with gathering military intelligence on the Cylons.

But there were no Cylon targets to capture or interrogate, not for forty years since they last saw them.

"I will do anything to achieve victory short of violating the laws of war and the honor of the Colonial military, but this?"

"Admiral, we don't know how much time we have, nor do we know the-"

"No."

"No? It will be a deniable black ops."

"Just no. You. Will. Not. Do. Anything."

The graying man drew steely eyes at the admiral. "Why?"

"I saw what we did back in the Cylon War."

"We were only children back then."

"People decided who lived and died. In most case, it wasn't necessary."

"Admiral, you forgot that if we did nuke several cities with civilians in it and abandon in its entirely several planets in Cylon space, we would had ended the war earlier. It didn't, and we paid for it."

The animosity grew as silence pervaded the admiral's office.

"I...abandoned my sister. To this day, I still regret it."

"That's why you're still alive."

"Shut up. You don't know that. I don't know that."

"You think you are the ONLY ONE?" he almost shouted. It felt that the temperature drop a few degrees. "Each and everyday, I always thought of my brother, how I left him to die. But it was why I am here, and not in one of those countless unnamed grave in a memorial. The only reason we are alive, admiral, is that we made many horrifying choices for survival."

"Some of which are completely and utterly unnecessary," she replied coldly. "The fact is, we aren't in a war for survival. For gods' sake, they are our long lost brothers and sisters. If we resort to theft from our own family, than what the Hades are we?"

"And what if we are in this war for survival?"

She narrowed her eyes. "I'll make the choices as needed."

He sneered. "You're taking the easy way out."

"I'll come to you when there is no options left."

There was nothing left to discuss.

The hard eyed Colonial stood up, pocketing some documents. "Have a good day, Admiral."

He left the admiral's quarter in quietly, dampening down the fissured expression of anger on his face.

As the bulkhead closed, Admiral Cain reflected on a question that bothered her. What will she do, when all hope was seemly lost? When she was put in an unwinnable scenario,would she abandon her humanity?

Fisher was right. When the situation deteriorate to the point of no return, there would be no morality, only survival.

But unlike him, she would not resort to more shady and immoral means of obtaining information, not until there were no other options.

There was a choice in this matter and the Earthers are family.

---
[b]Atlas Observatory Station
Near Uncharted Region[/b]

Thirty light years away, the Atlas Observatory Station sat on the edge of known space, an outpost amongst outposts, it was the furthest away from the Cyrannus System and the end of a very long supply chain. Only about ten month or so, would there be an exchange of personnel, though regular information and cargo exchange happened every two weeks. If there was an emergency, a shuttle could be dispatched immediately.

There were many sensors for doing scientific observation, though there was a giant telescope for looking deeply into the past of the galaxy. Other than that, the station was responsible for survey of local systems, documenting reserves of mineral resources and local phenomena, and also served as a long term isolation experiments, necessary if they want to explore interstellar space. Lastly, it was part of the Colonial's Deep Space Network, an early warning system should the Cylon came in an unexpected direction.

Physicist John Krab, a member of the observatory crew, was supposed to be manning the sensor station on this shift. But he ignored the emanation of data along with everyone else. It was entirely automated anyway, and if there was any real data, it would alert the staff and wake everyone up.

Instead, Krab worked on M-theory, which was supposed to unite most of modern physics, quantum mechanic and M-theory.
He muttered to himself as he tried to work out an idea.

In all likelihood, there would be no progress. Seventy years had passed, since before even the Cylon war, scientists were no closer to disproving or proving it, though it was an extremely fertile area of research, especially in mathematic.

After toughing it out for about an hour or so, he put his pen down. A headache enveloped his mind, as he drank a cup of Caprican coffee.

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP.

The subsequent noise sent him panicking, knocking over the coffee over his t-shirt.

"Gah!" he shouted.

Suddenly, a station was in an uproar.

Then, all the sudden, the station's primary power system shut down and restarted in over a minute.

"What was that?" Krab asked.

The DRASIS screen pinged a nearby artificial looking object that warped into view. It was an object that was almost familiar to the crew, seeing that they had exchanged information just a day earlier.

"What in the world?" he asked again. At twenty five thousand kilometer and closing in, it was very close in space, and it was an active vessel, transmitting on many frequencies.

Rhythmic beeps and clicks filled the air inside the sensor station.

"What are they saying?" another scientist asked.

Krab suddenly realized what he was hearing. "Prime numbers! Transmitted in binary with long pauses. One, three, five, seven, eleven, and so on!"

But this phase of lucidity only lasted a few seconds. "What should we do??? What should we do???"
