"Believe what you want, Captain."

She said that with a tone that the Captain was unable to decipher.

"I am sorry if I offend you," he said, staying on the safe side.

"Don't apologize. It is natural to be very curious about the unknown, especially royalty whose face you never seen. But for both of our sakes, let not waste time asking questions I won't answer."

"I see..."

Does it matter? Many people were very accepting of the idea that she could be an immortal woman, especially Jipangese citizens who had lived all their lives under her reign. Why draw out the hints? Until recently, no one was allowed to see her bare skin.

"I do have a question to ask you. Forgive me if it seems...a bit too basic of an astronomy question."

This woman probably knew the constellations and stars very well, but he decided not to comment on that.

"Ask away."

She took out her tablet and handed it over to him.

"I was wondering if you're going to visit the double binary star system in this region?"

The star system was on the opposite side of the galaxy.

"Ma'am, I am not allowed to tell you. The path of our journey is classified."

"Then is it considered?"

"Not event a hint."

"Ah."

"Don't you keep secrets yourself?"

"Still many to this day," she responded.

"Then you should understand."

"I do. But there are only so many systems with viable candidates. I heard that it was on a list of star systems that could contain living worlds. I had my research assistants dug it out."

The captain tried to keep his face neutral. It really was on his list, though his path through the cosmos precluded him from reaching it on his eight years journey, unless there are wormholes which facilitate practical travel.

"Your majesty, whatever you find, please keep it secret and away from the public."

"Understood. But I am simply the first to discover it. It was in the public database after all."

He sighed in relief.

"But you know...I want to go to space. I did that," she confided suddenly. "Now I want to travel the cosmos. I can't do that. I am an empress, and not some figurehead either. I have to watch and make sure that my grandson don't make a mess of himself. Far too young and inexperienced, but you'll have to start somewhere, or you'll never learn."

The captain did not make a comment. He didn't know how to. This was the woman who heralded Jipang's space program to Luna, while keeping their space agency vibrant and ambitious, against public opposition and opinion.

For that, he was grateful, otherwise, the timeline toward space colonization would be much slower, and he wouldn't be on this ship.

There was only a few months left before the Nishi's journey into the unknown will start.
