Battlestar Pegasus
---

Admiral Cain and Commander Adama walked beside each other as they moved through the corridor, having just recently finished a conference on the thirteen tribe in which officers and scientists alike present their finding, or in some cases, speculation.

"So, where do we stand? Let take the worst case scenario and go from there," Admiral Cain said.

"Worst cases is that we'll be swarmed by fighter mobile yet corvette size weapon systems and their oversized cousins with our FTL jump capability, yet with extreme fuel efficiency," Adama said. "That's without hybridizing our systems and their. Tylium fusion generators with oversized thrusters, actual railguns instead of the cannons we have today."

"In other words, we're frakked," Cain responded.

"Better to overestimate our enemy than to underestimate them."

"There's still so much uncertainty. We still don't know how their FTL work."

"That's what your team is trying to find out, right? Except the thirteen tribe seemed to work awfully hard at creating new and different languages, with no similarity to Ancient Kobolian. Why would they diverge so much?"

"The other tribe probably has something to do with it, sir," Cain responded.

"The fourteen tribe?"

"That's what some people are calling them, commander. But I think we're trying to fit a round peg to a square hole."

"That may be. But for thousand of years, the only other tribe we ever known is the thirteen and until now they were only mythology. Let get back on topic."

"So, we're frakked, especially if we assume that their FTL system work like ours. If it didn't, I am sure our eggheads will have a fun time trying to figure this out. As Felix outlined, there are multiple possibility in which we could win, but that's all based on science fiction rather than what our physicists theorized, which wasn't much, frankly."

"So, we're back to worst case scenario."

"I am sure we will crack the Earthers and their friends eventually. Even if we don't, at some point, the craft will become ours to study, whether they like it or not."

"At the risk of war with the thirteen tribe and their unknown allies."

"Depend on what we find out from them. But moreover, the Cylon threat still hang over us. Everyday, our paranoia lessen."

"And one day, they might return, taking advantage of our complacency. We need the tech."

"If it were up to me, we'll up our funding on R&D ruthlessly cut out the redtape. We need both short term and long term projects, and be ready to shift our entire doctrine if necessary. But we all know that the politicians may not be so alert to threats."

"Agreed. War changes and we have to change with it. Today's viper squadrons may be tomorrow's corvette squadrons, considering their agility and acceleration curve."

"I think that is likely, but predicting the future is folly."

They had reached the end of the corridor. Adama saluted before leaving for the shuttle to his battlestar.

---
Hours later
Apollo Hospital ship

Admiral Cain found herself sitting in a room next to the chamber for the crew of the Apollo corvette.

It was only hours ago that the 'Terrans' had communicated the actual name of the spacecraft, and only until after they gained enough proficiency to communicate. Their ability to learn a language in only days was frankly amazing.

It turned out that the Apollo class corvette was named after a space program in their history, which was named after the god, Apollo. So, it turned out that that the thirteen are really the thirteen after all.

"What do you mean you are not the thirteen tribe?" the interviewer asked.

"We don't know what you meant by the thirteen tribe," the Captain responded. "In any case, we deny that we are some colony of some other civilization."

"I don't mean to doubt your independence."

"Independence/"

"Self-governance. Self-rule. Your government decide, no one else."

The captain paused for a while. "If that is the case, then I must say we are not any colonies of your."

"You mean Kobol."

"Kobol what?"

The interviewer let out a momentary speechless impression before resuming. "Homeworld of humanity. Our cradles. Where humanity had rose up together with the gods."

"I am sorry to say this. But Earth is where everyone from in this galaxy, no offense to the people of Gaia."

"How can you say this? Kobol is..."

"A colony of Earth. Do you know the age of our species?"

"The scripture said that we are tens of thousand of years old."

"We are at least hundred of thousand of years old. This is separate from the question of Gaia, as they may be a separate evolution of our species, or they may not be. Either way, as best as we knew, our people, you and mine, can trace our ancestry back to Earth. Unless you can prove that we are much older than that."

The interviewer made a poker face before responding, "let table that for now. it's clear that we are not going to go anywhere."

"It's very clear to me that your tribes are descended from the Ancient Greek, they are but one of the many tribes that inhabited our Earth about two thousand years ago of your time, and coincidentally, two thousand years ago was about when you colonized the Cyrannus System."

The interviewer cleared his throat. "Anyway. When did you first built your first spacecraft? Surely you must have studied something from your ancestral arkship."

"That assumption again...It occurred to me that your civilization is well above and beyond ours in term of spacefaring technologies. Gravity control technologies are completely amazing, even though it had been a staple of science fiction. Smallcrafts that are actually viable in space warfare? Unthinkable. I see no harm in answering historical questions. We did not reverse engineer anything because there are no ancient arkships, but we did launch our first spacecraft back in nineteen fifty seven using Earth's old dating system, not even a century ago."

"And did anyone crewed it?"

The captain smiled, "No. It was too small. It was only about over half a meter in diameter and can only send out radio pulses. You can pile up three of them and it'll reach to my height."

Frak!
