The sun's rays heat the sands mericelessly, raising the temperature of the sands to a forty degrees celsius. Still worse was the fact that there was neither water and shade around, unless one wished to walk into a town.

But sniper Bob Jackman nor his partner was going to strode into the town that contained their targets, pirates.

More so, it was a town infested with pirates, with the native inhabitants enslaved and coerced by murderers and thieves.

The enemies don't pose a threat. For all their robbery success, they have neither the weapons, trainings, and organization needed to withstand any kind of assusalts. What was problematic, however, was the natives' safety and the lack of communication ability on both side.

Which was why the Americans sat on their ass and gathered as much as intelligence as they could, even as the robbery continued.

It took weeks to pinpoint the pirates' habits, several weeks to be able to speak their language properly, and painstaking planning to ensure the assualt went without a hitch.

"Something happening, Bob," Rob, his spotter, said. "They're gathering everyone into the center."

"Indeed," Bob said. Then he went into his radio. "Everyone in position."

Several acknowledgement was sent back.

"You know what to do. Begin target acquisition."

They already knew what was going to happen next. Several sniper teams surrounding the town began targeting the respective pirates based on locations. One would do north, another does south, and so on.

"Team Alpha, ready," a voice on the radio said.

"Team Bravo, ready."

"Team Delta, ready."

And so on.

In the town market center, a women was dragged out as a tower's bell rung. Villagers watched in horror as the lead thug ripped the clothing away, revealing the skins underneath, before positioning the woman's body near the pirate lord.

"You will serv-" he said, but it was cut short.

Rounds ripped through bodies, throwing everything into chaos. Screams and panic ensued as the crowd uncontrollably poured out from the town center.

Helicopter came flying in, depositing group of soldiers on rooftops.

"Good work everyone," Bob said. "The targets should almost all be eliminated. The town's under our control and protection."

Of course, it wasn't as simple as it sounded.

The language, people, wildlife, everything but the desert was new. But nobody had laid claim to the desert, and it will soon all be America's domain, another piece of America. There were vast untapped resources here, minerals and oils, ripe for the taking, enough to consign certain geopolitical relationships to the dustbin of history.

But Bob Jackman wasn't worried about that.

Attacking pirates were the easy part. The hard was the cultural stuff, and deciding what to do with the natives.

Several armored fighting vehicle began to roll in from the horizon. Bob and his teammates stood up, waving their hands to call for attention.

They were going in.

One of the vehicles stopped.

"Hey!" the unknown soldier. "Come in."

There was air conditioning inside the Strkyer. It was very much necessary in this heat, not just some creature comfort.

As Bob Jackman boarded the AFV, he found it a welcome reprieve from the desert sun.
