
[X][Research] Windmill - 5 parts, 5 research. Provide power in case that the diesel generator runs out.
[X][Intruder] Talk to her.

Yumi didn't know how to get back, but she thought that this was a different dimension altogether, but exactly what kind of dimension contained so much metals? More, there was no sun in the sky, and yet it still had a night and day cycle. How does that work?

It was a different dimension, so the rules probably work in a vastly different manner.

There were also no living thing in sight. So, Yumi figured that she better started walking, rather than hoping that someone out there will stumble upon her.

Maybe she will be able to find a sealmaster who can figure out how to get her back home.

--

The clones found no living being in the dwelling, not even human remains. Even pots that should contain plants contained nothing. Yumi's hope dwindled.

Unlike everything else, the dwelling was mostly made out of wood. More, it contained personal artifacts, and drawings that were more realistic than she had ever seen in her life. Clearly, whoever made the items in the house was from a civilization that's beyond her own.

She also thought that the house belonged to a noble family, but why it was so small? A family as rich as them would require servants and a much bigger residence than this one.

She shrugged. Anyplace else, she would be very interested, but survival was more important than a mystery.

---

That was the last drop of hot ramen soup from her storage seal. From now on, it's ration bars and water. She wondered how long she will last in this place, given that she never even saw a drop of water in this dimension.

---

It was....raining huge metal things that she didn't know or care.

It would have killed her if it wasn't for her Multi Earth Wall justu. Handy justu, that. It was her camping to go option when she didn't stay at outposts.

---

Yumi felt so lonely. There was no one to talk to, and this place seemed utterly endless and devoid. Yumi wondered if she should kill herself and end it all.

There was no hope of rescue, because she left the place she landed in the hope of finding help. It was clear that no help will be coming.

But she still felt the need to go on...

Andthen there was a house, kinda like the one she found Kami knows how many days ago. She lost track.

---

Rule number of warfare; never antagonize a battle wizard, unless you have a lot of dakka. Seriously, she possessed all the characteristic appearance of a Naruto ninja, even a Leaf headband. One would be a fool to attack this woman, expecting victory. No, 'fortune favors the bold' ain't going to work here, not when I could recruit a battle wizard instead.

"You're eating my food," I blurted out. I meant something else!

The probable wizard didn't respond at first. Instead, she continued chewing for a few seconds, before giving a loud burp. Then the blank face transformed into a rather serious one.

"So, you are the owner of this house," she said. "So that were the drawings are?" I didn't know what she was talking about until I realized that these were my photographs. Does that mean she didn't have camera in her universe? Naruto have technology that shouldn't be any right be in their universe, or at least one that could be consistent with the rest of the setting.

"Yes, this is my house, and you're eating my food," I asserted more forcefully. At this point, I was sweating profusely, shaking even. The woman didn't look slightly afraid. As a matter of fact, she took a small step. I managed to stay my ground. No matter how emotionally compromised I am, I can't afford to give ground during this critical negotiation.

"I am very sorry," she said, before bowing to me. "But forgive me, I couldn't find any food source anywhere. I didn't even find a single living thing in this world, not a single plant nor animal, or even a human being." She smiled thinly. "Until now."

It took me a few moment before I could formulate a response.

"I wouldn't know where to find any more food. You ate the last of it."

Her face fell.

"But I do know where to find more of it," I said. "Tell me, are you familiar with different dimensions?"

"Of course, I do. That's what I am in right now, right?" she responded as if I am stating an obvious fact.

"How do you know this?"

"Um. We always know there are dimensions, like the Pureland and the Summon Realm."

"Right. I can take you to a place that I know, but I cannot take you home."

"What? How? Why?"

"Do you know of the concept of parallel universes?"

"No."

"Let me put it this way. This is an infinite copies of you, me, and everyone, including your world and its subdimensions."

"I don't understand."

"Basically, it will take me a while to find your world, as I have only the ability to travel to world similiar to the world I am currently in. I don't know about this dimension, it seemed unique, but it's probably an exception to the rule. It shouldn't be here. Anyway, even if I do find the world that is like your home, I cannot distinguish between the infinite variation of your world to find your true reality."

She blinked several time trying to digest just what I told her.

"You're telling me that it will be hard, right?"

"Not hard. Virtually impossible."

"Impossible....no."

"I am sorry."

"No.....no....NO!" She stormed out of the house.

I was worried that she wouldn't come back. I was relieved that I was wrong.
---

Fortunately for me, she was actually a reasonable person, unlike the survivors on zombie worlds, who are unreasonable assholes who can't see a zombie until it is right in their face. They were the dumbest groups of human beings that I ever encountered in my life. On the other hand, explaining the idea of the multiverse was a huge challenge, and I had to resist the urge to sigh everytime when she asked me to explain what I just said in a different way.

However, she did make it clear that if I don't travel soon, she will make me wish that I was never born.

Since she was so unused to the environment that she was in, she started asking all sort of question.

"What is this?" she asked.

"A television screen. It let us view moving pictures."

"Really? There are people in it."

"They are recordings, sort like writing, that captured a moment in time."

"Really? Are there seals in this thing?"

"There's no magic in it, ninja or otherwise, if that's what you're asking."

"They're not magic. They're made of chakra."

I rolled my eyes at her. "Whatever, they're magic to me."

---
You have access to a main action and two secondary actions.

Explore - You now know the rough layout of the land around you, but further exploration could yield new discoveries.
Salvage - A dedicated salvage operation instead of exploration would yield more parts. 3 parts + 1d10 parts.
Travel - Jump away from here to an intended designation. Must be a main action. Special: Travel to a mundane Earth or a zombieworld(infested Earth) will trigger a mission.
Research - You are your reality's only expert on the Reality Distortion Engine, and the world's finest electrical engineer, and meh at everything else. You can use this knowledge to improve upon your designs or learn more about the universe.
Build - At this time, you only have the blueprint for another RDE.
Repair - Nothing to repair just yet.
Other - Please specify.

Example:

[X][Main] Explore
[X][Secondary] Scavenge - Drone parts
[X][Secondary] Research - Different coordinates 
