[B]chp10_wine_and_dine[/B]

[B]Ami Natsu
Sidonia[/B]
---

For Security Police agent Ami Natsu, this street was...just like any other shopping district she had seen in her life, given that the she lived on Sidonia for all her life.

But for the ancestral couple, it was the same yet different. In some way, it might as well not be on a starship traveling between star systems.

There were barber shop, beauty saloons, restaurants, clothing stores, law offices, cafes, video game arcades, teahouses. The same as it was on Earth.

At the same time, there were difference. Everyone, for instance, all virtually wore the same clothes, white pants, white shirts, and a belt.

No one, not even the ancestral pairs, was unique to this. It was just the fact of life on the last known bastion of humanity.

But for officer Natsu, she wasn't thinking much, other than what she had witnessed and took part in yesterday. Simply put, her team were ordered to conduct 'espionage' against citizens of a foreign power, for the purpose of 'national security' and 'security of humanity'.

Behind all that nice-sound justification was the fact that she invaded someone's privacy last night without a warrant or a court hearing, a virtually unprecedented activity.

Yet, this was what nation-state actors did. They spy, steal, blackmail, coerce, and tempt to protect their self-interest.

And now, for the first time in thousand of years, Sidonia was doing the same thing.

The Sidonians were complete amateur in tradecraft. The couples, even more so. Their flimsy information security were no match for Sidonian technologies, refined after thousand of years of technological evolution.

Through all of this, she felt dirty, ashamed, and guilty. But it was necessary.

And if it all went according to plan, one day there will be real need for an intelligence service, with real spies situated in the territory of foreign power across realities.

But not now.

She was here to wine and dine her ancestors.

"Try that," she said, pointing to a cafe. "I hadn't visit that restaurant, but I heard that their gravity chicken are to die for."

"Hmm, what do you think, hon?" James asked his girlfriend.

"Why the hell not?" Diana said, shrugging. "It's not like we know the local cuisine anyway."

Of course, there's no way that the two will eat and talk without being bugged the entire time. There's a bug in her purse, in her clothing, and even at the table where they planned to serve.

Nothing about the couple will escape the eyes and ears of the security service.

[B]James Archer[/B]
---

[i]Dear journal,

The hostility posed by the secret police had faded into hospitality once they realized who we are. Apparently, we were revered as well reviled at the same time, though mostly the former rather than the later.

My era was the 'dawn' of the modern age, following a series of unprecedented rights revolution in the later half of the 20th century and into the early 21st century, culminating into the Sophont Right Revolution starting in the 2020s.

So it was not unsurprising that they considered us barbaric while at the same time hailing us as the moral heroes who overcame the demon of our nature. Eventually, we would came to colonize Space. I learned that the Elon Musk of this timeline did remarkably well and achieved his dream before dying peacefully on Mars.

Which was strange since the Sidonians looked and sounded like Japanese, and in some way acted like Japanese. Though I learned to the contrary that the Sidonia was an artificial culture, shaped to induced the greatest level of cooperation in their society.

Which explained the Illuminati nature of the highest level of leadership. They all wore masks, and their identity were never revealed to the public. Conspiracy theories circulated that the Captain was an immortal who controlled the ship the whole time, and there was a secret immortal committee.

Honestly, it didn't seem farfetched in some way.

In the future, why wouldn't you had developed immortality, especially for a long journey that required social stability all the way to the next star and then some?

The question to me was why not everybody was given access to immortality? I suspected that this was social engineering of the highest level, though I cannot sustain my suspicion.

Historical details on immortality back when Earth wasn't destroyed in half was very sketchy. Yes, there was a wizardly biologist and doctor named Aubrey de Grey. No, he did not achieve his bioengineering goal, even though his research became the base of Sidonian genetic engineering.

On the question of the mask culture, the 'official' reason why they were developed is to prevent the assassination of governmental officials. Though that seemed to be filmsy as hell. Sure enough, there are various theories by Sidonian sociologists, and they all lived happy long life. Unless, of course, you counted the ganuna invasion hundred of years ago that wiped out the vast majority of the population.

I may be nut, but I think that they do have immortality technologies. Apparently my significant other agreed with my assessment even though neither of us were conspiracy theorist. Though, given the expanse of the multiverse, there's bound to be a reality where conspiracy and secret agent men are real.

The captain might be one. She might be the same person. Or she might be controlled by the shadow council.[/i]

Our escort, a beautiful woman who looked to be in her mid-twenties, looked somewhat antsy and nervous. I swore that I must had seen one of her blushes, though I wouldn't know what was it about.

When it came to ordering food, we let Natsu took the lead in talking to the waiter, and giving us recommendations. All of that sounded really good, and I wouldn't know where to start. When confronted with such a situation, I would try them at out at random, with as much money I am willing to burn. In this case, it would be all on our escort' tab. My girlfriend on the other hand, slavishly followed the lady's suggestion.

"So, what is it like to live on Earth?" the agent asked.

"Hmm..I don't know any other life," I said. "I was never poor, my parents were wealthy and rich enough, and I got a college education. Which was way better than most."

"Ditto. What he said." Diana replied. "Is poverty a thing here?"

"A thing? I think not, or at least in the way that you think about it," Natsu answered. "Nobody went hungry or lack for shelter. At the same time, nobody can be obscenely wealthy as in Earth history."

"Make sense, given that Sidonia is such a small world," I noted.

Our waiter finally arrived with numerous dishes, most of which is intended for me. It seemed that the form and function of a restaurant didn't really changed, even after thousand of years. Best not to think too hard about why.

Among other things, they fought their wars in giant mecha, which is considered the height of stupidity. But everything here made sense, somehow. So they can't be too stupid to fight their war in mechs.

Back to menu at hand, the food was unfamiliar to our palette, and we were no strangers to the global cusine back on Earth, having ate pretty much anything that was edible to the human race.

"I never really tasted anything with such flavor before," I said. "A subtle explosion of favors. I liked it."

"It tasted like chicken, the meat, I mean," my partner gave her assessment. "What was it's called? Gravity chicken?"

There was an ongoing propensity to prepend everything with the name 'Gravity', such as 'gravity chicken', or the 'gravity festival', or 'gravity noodles'. The Sidonians were sometime very odd.

"I am relieved that our ancestors found our food platable, even tasty, after all this time," the Sidonian said.

Ancestors. It was a word that I am getting used to. It's the most favored label among the agents.

"What are we going to do next?" I asked the escort.

"More sightseeing. Then we'll go to a theater."

"Hmm, can I have some more dishes to try?"

"I don't see a problem with that."

That's right, I am sticking it on her tab as much as I could get away with. I am pretty sure it's carte blanche within reason.
---

Diana found herself with her boyfriend in front of an old war machine, the mecha named Tsugumori, a legendary Type 17 war machine, piloted by a war hero and ace named Hiroki Saitō, with the family name coming first.

This beautiful machine sat very still, like a statue, almost if it was a scuplture.

Of course, it was a very real machine used in a real war against creepy monsters.

Still, the design set off her alarm bells, recalling her expertise as a mechanical engineer. It shouldn't be a practical machine of war. There were much better alternate design that the Sidonians could use, yet they chose this one. Was it because of the cool factor? If so, there wasn't much of anything in Sidonia that was made for 'coolness'.

"Hahahahha" her boyfriend laughed. "So I was right, we're in an anime."

"An anime?" the escort asked.

"Giant robots are a genre of Japanese cartoon," he explained.

"So you think Sidonia is a fictional universe just because we have humanoid machines we used for robots?"

"Why not? Everything that is possible is also fictional."

"I....don't see the world as fictional."

Diana pulled on her boyfriend, putting her hand over his mouth.

"I am sorry if we offended you," Diana said, attempting to do damage control. "Sometime my boyfriend didn't really think thing through."

The agent blinked several times, before answering, "not at all."

"MMMPRFHMPPFH," James tried to speak.

Meanwhile, the engineer whispered to him, "please be a bit more considerate," and then let him go.

"Sorry," he said.

---
[B]Captain Kobayashi[/B]

Kobayashi entered a dark and cool room with a large screen in the back. Life support units lined up the hallway of the committee, supporting a shadow council who ruled Sidonia from the shadow.

It was also a council that deeply disgusted the Captain. Once they were noble citizens supporting the goal of colonizing a safe star system, now they were liabilities. Over the century, corruption and hubris seemed to had seeped in as they lied in their support chambers, unwilling to mix in with the mortals. All the while, the Captain worked to implement their policies as they watched afar.

Even so, their wisdom wasn't to be taken lightly. However, if they proved unwilling to change for the better, she may dispose of them.

After all, the shadow council never had any official legitimacy in the current structure of the government.

"Well, have you gone insane Kobayashi?" number one asked, a male.

To her, it no longer mattered what was their name is. Why would she care about a bunch of senile immortals?

"It is only a contingency plan if the travelers' claim proved out to be true. And I am confident it will be."

One scoffed. "You must be senile to believe that sort of story. They must be somebody else up to something else."

A female spoken up, "I don't believe that this is a prelude to an invasion. It sounded too bizarre to be plausible. I believe we must have a contingency."

"As a matter of fact, I do have a contingency in mind," Kobayashi replied. "However, if we are facing an invasion,especially occupation, we must concoct a story for bringing back infantry warfare."
