[B]Chp9_Meeting_the_Host[/B]
---
[B]James Archer[/B]

It was a good thing that we had the barf bags handy. Because we immediately started to gag from the side effect of the jump drive.

The various upgrades to trans-dimensional machine was only a marginal improvement in term of reducing nausea.

We lost our lunches in short order.

And as soon as my girlfriend and I finished barfing, we saw lights shining from our window.

Needless to say. It didn't look good. There were men outside in white clothes and they were all masked. It reminded me of a certain manga.

"Intruders, get out of the vehicle and put your hands up in the air," one of them shouted in Sidonian Japanese.

Neither of us understood what they were saying.

I sighed in annoyance at having to learn yet another language.

"We should get out," she said. "Make no sudden movement."

I nodded.

I opened the door and walked out slowly with my hands up in the air.

I was fricking tired, yet I had to make no sudden movement.

"Who are you? State your business!" the man to the side of me said.

"I don't understand," I responded.

Slowly, my lover came outside. She too, held her hands up.

"They're not Sidonian," one of them said.

"Quiet," the commander in charge warned.

Suddenly, I drifted into unconsciousness and fell down to the floor.
---
[B]Diana Rose[/B]
Diana groaned from the hit of tranquilizer darts aimed at her face, which had dosed her to sleep.

She stirred from the sleep, opening up her eyes to a bland metal ceiling and light.

"Where the hell am I?" she said, not quite remembering the event that led up to her ending here.

She sat up, taking in the view of her surrounding.

It was a room, of a sort. There were no visible doors, actually, and only the barest of accommodation. Almost everything seemed to be made of stainless steel, and every single furniture present were welded to the floor.

There was a sink with a mirror, toilet, a table and a chair, a flat top that obviously meant to be a bed.

And it was extremely clean, as it had never been lived in.

It was absolutely clear that she was here not as a guest, but a prisoner. Possibly in a room for a prisoner that someone would want to throw away the key forever for.

But who?

"Oh!" she said, remembering what just had happen. "Fuck!"

What the hell she had gotten herself in?

In hindsight, doing trans-dimensional travel with her significant other will get her into significant trouble. But at the same time, she loved the idiot too much not to abandon him.

She was scared for his life, especially against the force that had turned her boyfriend's life upside down.

Diana could had gotten help, but like Delta, she was afraid of the consequence. So long as they keep this thing a secret, he wouldn't get any help from anybody, but at the same time, she was afraid of what might happen.

And now, she was paying the consequence of traveling into the unknown with her loved one to ensure his safety, since she didn't think much of anything else, trusting that everything was going to be alright somehow.

Clearly, not everything was going right.

Without any warning, a gap in the wall was created, leading to a hallway outside. A person was already present in that hallway.

This person and one more of the masked security agents moved inside the room.

"We are sorry for this accommodation," a security agent said in accented English, with the voice of a female. "You must understand, the area you entered in was restricted to anybody without the proper security clearance. Now, if you follow us, you will receive a new accommodation that should be more amicable to you, but you will still be restricted in your freedom of movement until we can verify your story."

"Where's my boyfriend?" she almost shouted the question.

"If you cooperate with us, you will see him," the male security agent said. "Please don't make it more difficult than it needed to be."

Diana wasn't going to lash out. As far as she was concerned, she had no leverage and no way in hell that she was going to escape this place, whatever this place was.

"Alright, I'll cooperate, for now," Diana said.

"Great. Please follow me, miss," the masked female figure said.

As the agent moved, Rose followed her lead.

Meanwhile, the male followed behind.

Immediately, she noticed the sword scabbard and gun hostler on the person she's following.

There was no escaping this. She would most definitely be dead or worse if she tried anything.

Time passed as she went up in an elevator with them, to god knows where. But it felt like an agony.

Eventually, the wayward traveler and her escorted arrived at a more inviting abode, complete with actual bedsheet, shelves, pillows, cup remen, and other creature comfort, including a shower. However, nowhere had she gone outside the whole time.

And she had kept track the entire time, estimating the distance travel, and it wasn't inconsiderable. Somewhere around three kilometers.

This place was big. Very big.

"What is your name miss?" the female agent asked.

"Diana. Diana Rose," the mechanical engineer answered.

"Diana is your personal name and Rose is your family name?"

"Yes. Rose is my last name, and Diana is my first name."

"Well, then, Miss Rose, someone will be there shortly to ask you questions. Answer the question truthfully, and if it all goes well, you'll get to see your beloved."

"Got it."

"Good. We'll be right outside if you need us."

The two security agents went outside.

Instead of being trapped in an uninviting place, Diana was now trapped in what resembled an apartment, sans electronics.

Great, just great.

Uncertainly inevitably continued to occupied her mind.

What were they're doing to her boyfriend? Is he OK? What about the machine? Are they planning to mount an invasion?

Why are the security agents wearing ivory masks? If anything, it made them even more sinister, as opposed to having a visible face.

But as she waited, there were no answers forthcoming.
---
[B]Captain Kobayashi[/B]

It had been thousand of years since humanity left the solar system after the destruction of Earth by a terrifying transforming alien race known only as the [I]Gauna[/I].

Since then, humanity had lived in massive arkships designed to carry them across the void to new world, in the hope of outrunning the Gauna and finding a new home among the stars, but [I]Sidonia[/I] was now the only known human settlement still standing in the known universe. Consequently, she may be the last bastion of humanity.

But today, Captain Kobayashi, commander and leader of the ship, was confronted by two anomalous individuals, seemly from the arachic early twenty-first century. At first, she held hope that they were from another seedship.

However, interrogation revealed that either James Archer was insane, or was really from the twenty-first century, an American.

Time travel was emphatically denied by this gentleman, though trans-dimensional travel was affirmed as the method of travel, the implication being that he could travel across realities.

Currently, the captain was overlooking an interrogation of James' alleged girlfriend, Diana Rose from a bugged abode. It took a short while to prepare, but the apartment was now bugged with all sort of equipment to record the interaction for Sidonia's knowledge. Normally, that wasn't done except in a criminal investigation, but this was simply unprecedented. There was no other nation-state actor to spy on or do intelligence works. Such notion had disappeared thousand of years ago, remaining alive only in stories and historical document, until now.

The interview continued smoothly so far, and there were no inconsistency to be detected in the female answer.

"Fascinating," the captain said. "Don't you think?" She asked her assistant and confidant, the cyborg, Ochiai.

"Yes, it appeared that they acted like our ancestors, in what recording and anthropological knowledge we have left of our 'American' side of the family."

To the duo, it was like interacting with ancient Japanese, before the dawn of the 'modern' era on Earth.

"Still, this trans-dimensional travel capability, we must have it," she said it with hunger. Left unsaid was if this was a trick or a prelude to an invasion, or something worse.

But if they were able to fake it that well, then there may be absolutely no hope for Sidonia in term of survival.

One do not plan for a sudden blackhole singularity appearing inside of the arkship at all. An instant death meant that no plan will achieve any sort of success.

"If we can adapt the technology to our purpose, we may be able to find a safe haven for Sidonian," Ochiai deduced.

"Yes. A safe haven should anything went wrong, and a new colony. We will accomplish the goal and purpose of this arkship, though in a way that was unimagined.

If that was the new destiny, she would take it, regardless of the actual consequence, because it would ensure humanity's survival.

"Though, the survival of the human race was never really in doubt now that I think about it," Kobayashi remarked.

"Yes, proof of the multiverse," Ochiai said. "But our dream and wishes are still the same. We are still working to preserve what's left of this branch of humanity."

"Indeed."
---
[B]James Archer[/B]

Once again, I had no idea of where I am, who they are, or what year it was, if it was even applicable.

I came across a Japanese society, or something resembling one. At least, I am fairly sure that was.

And I am walking with my escorts to my temporary housing, they said. But I wasn't exactly trusting of them, even if their actions are pretty damn understandable. Can't I go somewhere nice instead?

No, I had to waltz into the territory of nations and powers I do not even understand.

First, they had compounded my machine, probably studying it with their brand of mad scientists and engineers. Next, they 'interviewed' me to death, in which I spoke anything and everything, without any concern for secrecy. First, it was in incomprehensible Japanese, then broken English.

No god damn handy universal translator.

I shouldn't had done that. I may had jeopardize the safety of my Cylon helper and the lives of Earthlings in the process.

For all they know, they could be an xenophobic people looking for their next conquest. That didn't seem to be the case at all, at least so far.

Anyway, it was god damn good thing that they knew English and the fact that I am American, though most references were beyond me. With the knowledge I had, I was able to confirm for that I am from the early 21st century.

We stopped.

Rapid sounds of Japanese were exchanged between four individuals. Finally, the door opened up to reveal my girlfriend.

"Here we are, a surprise," one of them said. "Your girlfriend."

She immediately hugged me.
---
[B]Captain Kobayashi[/B]

"Well? Let see what you have to say, Chief Sasaki," Kobayashi said.

The trio of females in this meeting were without the masks. The other two women both knew each other for hundred of years. But to an Earthling, they looked far too young to be the senior leadership of this arkship.

On the right of Kobayashi facing her was the chief of engineering, Sasaki, the other woman on the left was Doctor Yure Shinatose, chief of genetic engineering.

"The trans-dimensional machine, the part that I can examine at least, was very crude," Sasaki began bluntly. "There's not much to say other than there were effort to build a self-contained environment for survival in dangerous environmental condition. Everything else was 21st technologies as far as we can examine. Their phones and tablets matched up our historical record perfectly to a 't', all the way down to the micrometer."

"So, we're dealing with 21st century humans after all."

"Based on the evidence shown to me, yes."

"And, Doctor Sinatose?"

"Ah. I sequence their genome, and using the databank, we're able to trace it all the way back to the early 21st century. As expected, there's imperfection and bugs in their genome. In particular, patient James Archer is expected to die of skin cancer in about thrity years, give or take a few years. However, the redhead natural-born, Diana Rose, is expected to live to her eighties, if there's no accident. My group detected no artificial DNA sequences in both of them, or any other bioengineering modification, not even Higg photosynthesis which had been made standard for the entire Sidonian population. They're both one hundred percent natural-born. I would recommend immediate gene therapy to remove most if not all gene-related health problems exhibited by both."

"Spoken like a true medical doctor, Shinatose, but I think you're forgetting something."

"Excuse me?"

"They're not Sidonians."

"I don't see how that's relevant."

"it is a bargaining chip, and that's all I cared about. If we expect to acquire their trans-dimensional travel technology and gain their cooperation, then we need to give something that they would want."
