1.1 First Thing First

[X] Go explore the Island at a cautious(for you) run around the island.
- [X] Be alert for any hostile actions.
- [X] Find wood to make campfire later.
- [X] Observe any edible plants and animals for later food.

Despite the hunger inflicting on you, your first order of business was to scout this island.

Immediately, you found valuable food sources ahead of you. First, there were the coconuts, which has coconut meat and coconut juice, a source of sterile water and food. Other uses came to mine, such as a cups.

"Bleeeat!" A sound reached your ear.

Using a cantrip charka technique with your hands, you used the principle of echolocation to deduce the direction.

Turning left, you immediately spotted a herd of wild sheep. You briefly wondered how they got on this island, but then you briefly dismiss the thought. Best not to look a gift in the horse's mouth.

Obviously, this island was huge, and there could be civilization nearby, but it's best to presume that wasn't necessary the case.

You broke into a light jog, making sure to drink in the view of everything as you went along.

There's lot of potential food sources. Squawking geese he could bring down with an expert rock throw, crabs and snails to feast on, and of course coconuts. Intellectually, you also knew that there are fishes in the ocean as well.

However, as 'plentiful' as the wilderness was, you knew that it was unreliable compared to human agriculture.

There's no shortage of everything you needed when you're in a civilization. All the meat you can buy and eat, allowing you to power your chakra ability.

That's the kicker. Your charka was never free to use. It ate a lot of energy. And unless you have one of the tailed beast in your body, you're going to need to eat a lot, preferably meat.

In this environment, you can't afford to waste chakra on frivolous activities. You wanted to make sure that you use the energy sparingly. No crazy feats of launching high speed pebbles from far away at geese, or walking on water just because it was convenient.

Until you get back to civilization, conservation of energy is the key to survival.

After an hour of recon, you decided you had enough for now. For as far as you walked on this beach, you found no civilization.

You decided to gather firewood and other materials to make a fire, and do it the old fashioned way.

Energy, waste not.

After cracking a few coconut open, you drank the coconut and ate the inside. You set aside the coconut shells as pot to collect rainwater just in case. You could never have too much clean water.

Afterward, you got started on building a shelter out of palm leaves and gathered woods.

As the night fell, you thought about what you were going to do tomorrow.

[X] Write-in.
