[X] Head back to the beach while gathering wood to build a campfire. Make sure you get enough for a big one to attract aerial vehicles.
-[X] Make a tarp/covering to protect the wood from any rain just in case. We're gonna need to explore a but before we resort to the bonfire.
-[X] Kill some geese, a sheep, some crabs and fish, etc... Start to create a stockpile of food with that.
-[X] Also try to fix up the shelter a little more so it's more stable and/or sturdy.

1.2 Bad Luck All Around
---
Konohagakure Ninja Academy
A lifetime ago

"Next!" the chunin-sensei announced, beckoning for the next student in the line to move to the stage.

Dread was creeping up to Maito Gai as the line was getting shorter. It was a very nervous day in Gai's life, as it was a test day in something that he wasn't really good at, ninjustu.

"Pass!"

He remembered when he flunked the entrance exam. However, he was graced with an alternate position when his father's friend recommended him anyway for entrance.

"Next!"

Gah! It was now his turn. He nervously entered the stage.

"Gai-kun, please demonstrate the body replacement technique with this wooden block," the sensei said.

He gulped before going through the hand-seals with practiced efficiency.

With a 'poof', he made the switch, only to slam into the blackboard behind the wooden block.

There was an uproarious laughter in the audience.

"QUIET!" the teacher shouted.
---
Deserted Island, Pacific Ocean
?????, ??, 2016

[Spoiler]d100 -> 65. No rescue today.d100 -> 81. Bad storm coming. NO chance of rescue.[/Spoiler]
You were lethargic yesterday, and was still lethargic today, which accounted for why you seemly didn't accomplish much. Yesterday, you only ate the coconut meat and drank the water, and there wasn't much else.

Made worse, a storm came in, knocking over your makeshift shelter, and fire difficult to keep going. Eventually, the rain came and shivered your core, forcing you to use some chakra to warm your body.

You had planned to keep the fire going to generate smoke, which should attract arieal vehicle, but the wind already doused the flame. Your only choice was to keep the amber safe where it was still burning.

[Spoiler]d100 -> 19. Hunting and gathering mostly a failure.[/Spoiler]
Still, you were determined to hunt some food, even though the weather had largely scared away wildlife.

But even that turned out to be a fruitless endeavor, yielding only more coconut fruits, and you were getting tired.

The storm had scared all the animals away...

Tonight, after the storm died out, you repaired your shelter with the building materials you gathered today, making it slightly better than yesterday.

[X] Write-in.
