
Lucid Dreaming Part I
---

I found myself in a place of my own making. It was my ideal room full of things and objects that I couldn't hope to afford to buy myself or beg from my parents. Video game consoles lined up in the shelves below a flatscreen TV. The bed was made smaller to allow more rooms for everything else, like a 3D printer, or a workstation for my electrical engineering hobby.

It was the greatest room I ever wanted, but an unreality at best.

I was lucid dreaming. Usually dreams don't allow me to control the content, or even make sense.

The opposite was true when you can dream lucidly. What I imagine, can happen, and only according to my will.

The clock was ticking. Tick-tock. Tick-tock.

Unfortunately, I cannot dilate or slow down time. Usually, only after several minutes or so, I wake up in the morning.

I summoned a couch, and then summoned a dream version of a person. More like a model, really. Unfortunately, no matter how strong my imagination was, I can only make a person say or act out something. I found out to my dismay that simulation of a mind wasn't possible.

The model in front of me was supposed to represent my crush.

I began to modify the model to my liking.

Several moments later, a female voice screeched. Afterward, a hammer strike was directed at me. I screamed like a motherfucker.

I flew through the atmosphere into space, though I failed to lose consciousness.

What was happening was far worse than the lack of suffocation. Absolute, crushing pain coursed through my body. It was as if somebody took a hammer to my most vulnerable part and spread the pain across my body.

A second later, space was replaced by a white background and instead of flying, I was placed on the floor of the white space. I felt smoothness and hardness. The pain had stopped.

Amy, my crush appeared from out of nowhere.

"You're different," she said.

"What?" I asked.

"You didn't disappear. You say things without my thought or will..."

"So did you? Since when a person in my dream possessed free will?"

"Are you me?"

"Me what? I am trying to disappear you and yet you won't. I didn't know that my fucking dream was going to backfire at me that bad!"

She grasped in realization.

"I am sorry! I am sorry!" she said.

I supposed I should had felt irrational anger that something like this happened to me. But thankfully, I just couldn't. She became alive, which was the nicest part of my dream.

"No problem," I said with a weak voice.

"If you're real, then say to me at school,'Amy likes to dream realistically'."

"What?" Confusion reign on my face. I didn't know what she was trying to get at.

"We're both dreaming, and sharing this dream somehow," she said as a matter of fact. "Unless you're a new spontaneous feature of my dream."

It took me a moment to process, but then I replied, "My codephrase is that 'Max likes transformers and ninjas.'"

Just like that, I woke up to an annoying alarm clock, and sun shining on my face.

"Whoa," I said.

I didn't get to do what I wanted in my dream last night, but that was immaterial. Somebody became real in my dream, and that was the coolest thing in the world. Maybe it was possible that Amy was really sharing my dream!

But then, embarrassment came.

She saw me in what I thought was my most private moment, my refuge from reality.

I sighed, brushing it off. She couldn't possibly be real, right?

Afterward, I drove to college.

----

I found myself in the lecture hall of 1A. Naturally, I scanned the room for Amy. Unsurprisingly, she wasn't there. I was early more than most. But my excitement for the possibility allowed me to arrive at the school earlier than normal.

I took out my notebook from the message bag and connected to the college's wireless network. Absently, the first google search I did was lucid dreaming. There was really no point to this search.

I read everything, from New Age philosophies to actual science.

But nobody had an experience remotely similar to mine. My dreams were too vivid, too coherent. The numbers made senses, and I was able to count the stripes on a tiger. I couldn't even do that when I am awake.

My experimentation also followed specific rules. Nothing can act without my direction and thoughts, and only about one object at a time. I also didn't have a lot of time to think and experiment, since I only had this ability for a few days, and sessions only lasted thirty minutes at best.

Suddenly, a redhead walked into the lecture hall. My eyes automatically locked onto her.

It was Amy. She looked every as bit as neutral as any other students roaming in. There was no indication that she knew of me.

My heart jumped up a little bit, hoping for an encounter. I never really spoken to her in real life, but I knew her from idle conversations and tidbit. Being only an eighteen years old, I was too afraid of doing anything, really.

She walked ever closer to my seat, keeping my hope up.

Then she sat next to me.

At that point, I didn't dare to really look at her, but she didn't really speak.

The professor entered after everyone mostly settled in, and he began the lecture with a presentation on historical events, droning dryly on World War Two.

During the lecture, I glanced at her several times, but it seemed that she really didn't know. It was really all just a dream, I thought.

After the lecture ended and the bell rung. Everyone stood up and left in a stream.

But not Amy.

"Excuse me?" she said.

"What?" I asked.

"Come with me." My heart jumped.

I followed Amy up to the rooftop before facing her.

I can feel the judgmental gaze and disgust that emanated from her face.

"Max likes transformers and ninjas," she said.

"Amy likes to dream realistically," I parroted back.

"Sooo.....you're a pervert," she responded. It stuck me in my heart. I stepped back, aghast. My chance with this chick dramatically went down.

Then she snickered. "You should had seen the look on your face, James."

"What?"

"You don't remember me?"

"Um, no," I said, while trying to place her.

"High school. 12th grade. Mr. H's class? You were eyeing and following that blonde before you got rejected in a confession at the end of the school years."

I felt extremely embarrassed. My showering of gifts and help didn't really work. All she did was took advantages of me, especially after telling me that I was creepy and she didn't really want to be friend with me.

My social confidence dropped to absolute nothing.

I had never dated.

"We never talked," I said.

"No kidding. That's why you don't remember me, probably. Anyway, the look on your face was hilarious." She laughed. "Sorry. That girl was a cold bitch."

Amy said that with venom.

---

Nobody helped me when I got tricked. Indeed, everyone laughed at my misfortune. Well, a lot of people did, but some people don't.

I was a fool back then, still a fool today.

"Nobody helped," I said.

"Yeah, I am still kind of girl who laughed at people," she admitted nonchantly.

I stepped back further, having changed my mind.

She stepped closer. "I know you don't trust me, but you will be all alone in the world. We could share our dreams together."

"But you laughed at me," I protested.

"Yes, I am not a moral role model. But honesty, who isn't? Better to admit the truth than find out later in an unpleasant situation. Right now, I know I am a target of your fleshy desire."

I gulped a bit. "Don't most guys watch porn?"

"I don't care about that. But I do care about sharing dreams. Honestly, my dreams was getting a bit dull without anyone to talk to."

"I uh, don't want to dream with you."

"[i]You will dream with me[/i], James, and for that, I will promise a date."

"I accept," I responded immediately. It was the worst idea ever, but I can't help but be enticed. She wasn't a girl I hope to date in my dream. She was weird, and she admitted to laughing at people's misfortune.

With our conversation done, and the next class starting soon, we parted in the opposite direction.
---

It seemed that she was hell bent on dreaming with me. After our collective coursework was finished for the day. She found me and dragged me off to a date in the mall.

"What do you want to do first?" she asked as we walked through the entrance.

"Umm...."

Why am I dating her again?

"If you don't know what you want, I'll decide for you."

"Eehhh..."

We ended up in an arcade.

It wasn't a dead zone like I expected. My image of an arcade was teenage boys spending their precious quarters playing Space Invader by their lonesome. However, that wasn't the case. It was lively, with a mix of gender with a mostly older crowd.

She gave the cashier her membership card and money.

"Come on," she said. "Let's go."

We skipped past DDR dance pads and spectators, drinks and snacks until we ended up in a private room. She then handed me a food menu.

It was the usual American foodstuff. Hamburgers, chili dogs, french fries, and chicken wings, along with sugary drinks. Finally, there was a huge selection of games we could select from an iPad.

It was a place that I didn't know that I wanted, that I didn't know even exist.

"Am I dreaming?" I asked myself.

She smirked, "you wish!"

I was so awkward in this date that I thought myself to be a bad date. But she didn't seem to mind.

We ended up playing a FPS game for the next five hours, intersped with the occasional snack and bathroom breaks.

I had an absolutely improbable good time. Was this a trick?

We got out right before the mall closed, holding hands together as we walked through the street.

"I had a good time. Did you?" she asked.

"Um. Why are you holding my hand?" I responded. Shit!

"Really? You're going to ask that question?"

"Ummmm, no."

She laid her face on my right arm. Last night, she beat me to death in my dream. Now she's acting all snappy, a three hundred sixty degree change in behavior.

"So you like me?"

"I like you enough for a date."

"Really? A loser like me?"

"A 'loser' who can share a dream with me. That's more than what anyone can say." It seemed that she was really happy with the prospect of sharing a dream with anyone.

When we finally arrived at the subway station, she reluctantly delinked her hand and walked slowly toward the train. My apartment was located in the opposite direction, which was why we didn't get in the train together.

---

I woke up to an angel. The back of my head laid on the upper thigh of a certain redhead.

"James!" she said.

I jumped out of my dreamy daze and into a dreamworld.

"You know," she said. "No matter how hard I tried. I couldn't get anyone to dream with me. But maybe you could do it."

"I don't know. I never really expected anyone to become alive."

"Try anyway."

In the span of fifty minutes or so, I focused on my sister, my father, an 'internet friend', some random celebrity, my professor, or anyone I knew, really. But it didn't work. I tried all sort of 'techniques', like mediation, thinking really hard, tightening my face.

"Forget it!" she said in frustration. "Nothing's obviously going to happen."

"You know, I wonder if we could make our dreams act on our own," I blurted out, as a thought bubbled up.

"There's no way that could happen," she said. "I tried everything. Everything only acted if we gave it thought."

"Maybe...we're doing it wrong?" I said. "What if I assigned an abstract concept to a thing?"

"What do you mean?"

"It's better to just show you."

I then summoned a ball, which I 'imbued' with the thought of gravity and the formula that it will work with. Of course, I show her an equation about gravitational acceleration.

Then I set it up in the air and let it fall.

"It worked!" I exclaimed.

"What work? All you did was imagine it to fall."

"I don't know." I then summoned more balls and reposition the ball and let it fall again.

She grasped in excitement and jealousy. "How the fuck did you do that?"

"I don't know. I never thought about giving it an abstract formal explanation until before. I should had, but then I didn't have a lot of dream time yet."

"Explain," she demanded.

It turned out that Amy was worse than me at math, and I wasn't very good at physics. I only knew a couple of ill-remembered physics formula, and it only works if I understand it.

--

I breathed in and out sharply as I lied next to Amy.

"That was good," I said.

"Yeah," she said.

So here I was, in her apartment.

"Are you my girlfriend?"

She sent me a stare. "Obviously, especially after what you did."

"What I did?"

"Show us a path."

She sounded mercenary, totally not-girlfriend-material. But I never had a girlfriend, let alone lost my virginity to someone, until now.

Was I that desperate to hang out with a girl that I suspected as abnormal.

Then again, what is abnormality anyway?

Don't girls look for guys that they can depend on? Or in this day, vice versa as well? If you can't earn money, then she's never living with you, no matter what.
---

Our simulation steadily became even more complex even as it ignore certain inconvenient laws of reality, like thermodynamic and the speed of light.

But I was ignoring it all by staring at Amy's face as she stared back at mine's.

I was in love.

Deeply in love.

Or was I?

I think we drugged each other, giving ourselves unmeasurable pleasure while we made love to each other in the dream world.

---

Amy and I were holding hands with each other as we view a new world in our dream came into existence.

The last time we were in this dream world, we successfully speed up simulation by a factor of one hundred by applying a time dilation field to ourselves.

As far as we can tell, our brains were healthy in the real world, especially after we upped the ante several time, between sessions.

"The time dilation factor are now one billion to one, and we can exit anytime we want."

My wife nodded. After spending about two weeks time subjectively, we decided to get married.

Now, we're going to live forever in one long night.
