The Colonials were having sleepless nights. It was only several weeks ago that they found the thirteen tribe and twenty-five years since the exodus. The constellations all matched up, and the map from Kobol that led them there was essentially correct.

Not that anyone would know. Admiral Adama and the higher ups all made sure that they stayed mum on the specific details.

But a general fear lurked in the background. it could be any day that the organic Cylon discover the forlorn defenseless world. Or maybe they would discover the fleet. In any case, the thirteen tribe did not have one hundred and twenty battlestar groups to deter the chasing Cylons who had kept on the chase for quarter of a century.

"So, they aren't going to nuke each other?" Adama asked.

"I don't know, sir" his son spoken. "Whatever it was, it seemed to be a coincidence, and the suborbital rockets stayed inside their silo."

"I trust that the theft of materials from a library hadn't been the source of alarm?"

"No, admiral, not that we were able to gather. The timing don't match, and it was weeks ago."

"Still, something must have spooked them bad," Tom Zarek added. "I worry everyday for them, living with their nuclear weapons, enough to wipe out their civilization several times over."

"Mr. Assemblyman, that's what we're trying to find out," Lee Adama said. "The trouble is...I am not sure if I believe it myself."

A centurion walked in and voiced in a robotic tone, "That was because that self-evidently impossible became real. But when you Eliminate all other factors, and the one which remains must be the truth. A quote from one of their literacy character."

The machine distribute drawings to the Colonials.

"These are cartoons?" William Adama asked, puzzled.

"Completely accurate. Until now, they are only fiction. But it seemed that the leading government really believe that they became real."

It then distributed more pictures of those cartoon characters, except in the flesh.

"Is there any chance that it could be some propaganda?" Zarek asked in disbelief. "You know, back in Colonial history, some governments had a history of crafting ridiculous fakery."

"Unlikely. If there was any censorship and propaganda bureau, we would had noticed the doctoring and their existence as official agencies. As it stand, the impact of this news had impacted the whole world. And as you know, the nations are divided and opposed. If they have any scrap to prove that this was hoax, it would had come out very quickly."

More footage was shown, uploaded from the 13ther's 'internet'.

"This here, is news footage of a terrorist attack. The death tolls are not significant, but the actors were," the Centurion said.

The presentation continued. By the end of it, the Colonial were gobsmacked.

Earth was their hope and dream, despite their disappointment, and it had only gotten even more complicated.

"If it is any consolation to you, I find it....unbelievable, even as inexorable logic drove me here."
