"....Written by M.J Blanks, this series chronicle the fictional development of the atomic bomb...."

Fucking [i]World War Two[/i].

It was less of a book series and more like a genre, published singularly by the Watson company since the turn of the twentieth century, and since then, the series had spread to every corner of the Earth.

Not even shakespeare can measure up to its influence on human civilization.

"...It was the earliest portrayal of the atomic bomb, and to this day most accurate, predating H.G Well by two years..."

Now, it was required reading, and like all literature forcefully fed to students, any joy that could be had was sapped away.

"...The first iteration was not totally accurate, even if the broad details were mostly correct..."

A loud thud shook me awake. The teacher had slammed a thick book against the top of my assigned desk.

"Wake up, Mr. Nakamoto," Mr. Ferguson said. "You have detention for the afternoon."

Giggles followed.

"Think this is funny?" he asked in a totally unamused tone, raising his ires at the rest of Nakamoto's classmate. After his classmates were silenced by the terrifying scare of their teacher, Mr. Ferguson went back to lecturing.

The most boring lecturer in the history of man would do well if he was actually interesting, but he wasn't. He lectured like a robot and without any hint of curiosity, excitement or interest on any piece of literature. The system now allowed him to butcher World War Two.

"...Contrary to popular beliefs, the authors at the Watson companies were not all knowing, despite the many starling accurate predictions that were made..."

It made Nakamoto sick of the genre. He was cursing every moment of it in classes even as his little brother took in rapt attention as was common for everyone growing up. Everybody knew World War Two and the masterpiece the works were. Each year, the books were steady best sellers, even though the books were public domain. Why the waste of studying it in literature, and worse, suck every enthusiasm out of it?

The bell rung.

"Remember! Extra credit for anyone who watch and review the latest world war two movie in celebration of Watson's first WW2 book being published!"

Right. Extra credits.

Nakamoto supposed he should watch it, [i]The Nuking of Japan.[/i] Even if he didn't, he already knew the novel by heart.

He had been enthralled by [i]The Manhattan Project[/i], [i]The Nuking of Japan[/i], [i]The Unbearable Surrender[/i], and other topics related to Japan and nuclear weaponry. The nuking of course, never happened. Nobody was ever nuked in the history of the world, even as nuclear weapons were developed and deployed.

The Great War did, and as soon as the war was over, everybody realized the prophetic nature of the books published by the Watson company.

Of course, it didn't prevent all the misery in the world, but a second world war didn't break out.

Nakamoto often pondered what would happen if a world war would happen if the book series never existed. However, the inevitable conclusion was that it was unlikely.

Some details in WW2 was just too ridiculous no matter how realistically portrayed.
