The multiverse was finite and infinite at the same time. Infinite in the sense that there are never ending variation of realities. Finite in the sense that not everything could be imagined can exist, limited by the law of metaphysics. No realities can ever exist in non-consistent form, yet every mutations of every reality and every timeline that could ever exist, did.

In some cases, it is possible for travelers to visit other realities. Most realities will never ever receive visitors from another. Some are closed off realities, unable to be visited by any other. Most visits are accidental, and a tiny portion are deliberate.

Our Earth was a host of one such unwilling visit, by a dragon egg that had drifted away from its nest and into the branes between realities.

It could have been destroyed at any time, by any number of factors. Even a dragon egg cannot survive everything.

However, such was luck. The egg didn't shatter when it landed, and nothing had decided that the egg was a tasty meal, and no human decided it was good fun to smash it.

And so the egg was discovered and cared for.

Little did the human caretakers know that the Earth was about to underwent a revolution unlike any other in the vast multiverse.
---

Warmth and wetness permeated your every sense.

Nested inside the cocoon of a dragon egg, you knew of nothing of coldness, nor fear or hunger. But recently, something deep inside stirred you. Instinctively, you shook yourself. You exercised your eyes muscle, trying to blink. You wriggled your tail.

Then you even tried to flap your wings, but nothing much changed.

Then your unborn consciousness fade away into a sleep.

Days passed by in the outside world, as you cycle through waking and somnolence. Each time you went through the cycle, your waking period extended longer.

The wetness slowly disappeared as you gathered your strength. The inside of your egg felt less thick as you sipped the egg yolk.

Finally, after more days had passed, you felt the shallowness of your shell. There was no longer any wetness nor egg yolks.

But a new feeling stirred inside you. You felt an emptiness in your belly. It growled.

You are hungry. Very hungry!

It drove you to tense your muscles in preparation. Then you stood up inside the shell and began stretching your wings, pushing against the top of the shell. You used your teeth to cut holes around the shell, weakening its structure.

After much work, the top of the shell blew open.

A rush of coldness washed over you, causing you to shudder.

Your vision of darkness became something else. You started to see. The surrounding wasn't a typical dragon nest. But you didn't know that. All that you had seen was the semi-clear plastic that was the walls, and the bedding that was made of sawdusts.

Moments later, you saw movement. You craned your neck to look up higher.

You noticed a giant figure looking down at you. Curious, you simply tilted your head.
