"It looked like a really cute dragon! What the hell is it?" you copied the speech and the manner of speaking, not understanding a single word you just said.

It wasn't something that you did before, but it was a strategy that had worked previously for your ancestors who was left without a mother. A mother was critically important, since there are many difficult things that cannot be impressed onto a child, and there's only so much memories that a dragon can inherit from one generation to the next.

The strangers turned around to look at you, befuddled.

"I am a dragon," you said in your draconic tongue. It was of course unintelligible to them, but anybody who studied language should be able to recognize that it wasn't gibberish.

"What did he said?" the female in the whitecoat asked.

"I am a dragon."

"This is Emily, and I am Arthur," the male speaker said.

You had no idea what it said, but the beings pointed at each other. You guessed it was their names.

"This is Emily," you said, looking in the direction of the female. Then you looked back and said, "and I am Arthur."

"No! That's not right!" the male said with a harsh tone. You got it wrong?

He pointed to "This is Emily" and said "Emily", and the pointed to himself, saying 'Arthur'.

You looked at him and voiced, "Arthur", and then you looked at the woman, voicing, "Emily."

"BRILLIANT! AMAZING! REAL LIFE DRAGON!" Arthur yelled in excitement.

You tilted your head. It's either surprise or fear. You hoped it wasn't the later.

"I am not sure if it's really speaking or just copying?" Emily asked, still skeptical.

"Nice to meet you, Emily and Arthur," you said.

"OK, it just used our names in a sentence," Emily noted. "But it doesn't make sense. No animals should be able to speak a language, much less one at birth?"

There were several beeps. Emily took out her phone and scrolled for new messages. She sighed.

"They aren't taking it seriously, aren't they?"

"Yes. They aren't. Who would believe that I have a real life hatching that looked like a dragon and can speak languages. The best way to cure of one's skepticism is to show people. I got several undergraduates who will confirm our finding."

Excitedly, they rushed out of the room, leaving to your device. You couldn't help but wonder about your fate.

Dragons wasn't universally loved or revered throughout the planes of reality. They couldn't always discern why, but some mortals made it their goals hunting them down. Often, they came as a single individual, clad in their metal armor, and challenged one of his many ancestors in one on one combat.

As was tradition, they would die and his ancestor would eat them. Even so, there were words that those metal man can beat dragons, but you cannot remember an actual instance of a dragon getting killed by them.

But if they humans came for you in your state, there wasn't much you could do about it. You'll die. 
