[B]chp4_celebrity[/B]
---
You may be a dragon, but you're still a baby dragon.

It seemed these days that your days is filled with flashes, an endless stream of them.

Humans came in with their rectangle glass objects, and used them to flash you blind. Whatever it was, they were delighted to keep doing it.

You couldn't understand why.

Finally, after a long day, the steady steam of new and unrecognizable human faces came to an abrupt stop. Suddenly, you're alone with your caretaker.

This was when your caretaker took out what looked like books and started to read to you in her language. The picture books, which was remarkably vibrant in color and drawn expertly

There's the chicken, cows, sheep, and pigs. These were the typical human domesticates. They were characters in a story you did not yet understand.

Finally, the story ended with dead wolves and a happy herd of farm animals.

"Eat?" she said, dangling food choices above you using a contraption. Beef, pork, and chicken were among the menu today, along with a potato.

Despite the language barrier imposed between you and your surrogate mother, you somehow understood the context.

As a dragon, you loved meat, and ate mostly meat. Sometime vegetables were added in, but they were more of a side menu.

The smell waffled over your nose, and you suddenly knew which piece of meat you're going to eat today.

The whitecoat lady nodded at your decision once you manuvered your nose to what what you want, a piece of steak. She laid down the steak of bovine in front of you.

Immediately, you went and bit into it like no tomorrow, ravaging and tendering it to a mushy texture before swallowing it whole.

It was fat and tasty, just the way you like it.

"So you really like steak!" Emily said. You tilted at your head in response.
---

The next day passed, more people came. They all looked a lot older. It must be the village elders?

Suddenly, you're yanked to a cold place, and then somebody put a circular object behind your back.

More random talking you don't understand and more flashes. It was getting absolutely annoying!

When will you ever get a break?!

Finally, when it was all done, you were placed back in your warm and comfy nest. However, you noticed an object next to you.

It was rectangle, black, and flat. Just another object you don't even recognize.

Your caretaker switched on the screen, and there were a series of pictures and objects, with what looked to be writing. It must be a book.

You tried walking up to it and touch it, but then you realized that you're separated by this wall.

Unable to do anything much, you simply watch the picture slideshow, but the content wasn't very exciting. So you fell fast asleep.

---
The next day was very strange in this strange life you had begun.

Humans in white garb came in and lift your nest, with your caretaker walking beside you. They moved you to the outside world to a van.

Crowd of people stared at you as you were moved.

What was going on?

Are you going to die?

You voiced your distress, "YELP! YELP! YELP!"

"Sssh. Sssh. You'll be alright," Emily said.

You had no idea what was going on, but it seemed that you were placed inside a rather small room. Then a most unnatural sound rumbled through this room.

"YELP! YELP! YELP!" you said again.

Luckly, your caretaker was right beside you to assure that it was all going to be.

Then you felt the room moved. The window didn't stay still. It was [i]moving.[/i]

Are you in a wagon? It didn't look like a wagon. There were no bulls or horses attached.

But it was moving!
---

It seemed to take a long time, but it may only be twenty or thirty minutes by your estimation when the vehicle had stopped. Finally, the white men came in and lift your nest once again.

Your new home will be....

[X] A sterile environment. Completely artificial and clinical.
[X] A fenced in sanctuary.
[X] The zoo. In particular, a habitat hidden away from the public.
[X] Write-in.
