[b]chp7_eavesdropping[/b]

"....Silene...biology...seemly impossible..." you picked out from your hiding hole, unconcerned that there are cameras locking on you at all time and all day. You cared more about not interrupting the conversatons those humans are having.

However, they spoke lot of words, some of them unknown to you, in a context you don't really understand. You did not have a doctor degree in Biology.

As much as you learned in months, this new civilization was obviously extraordinary complex, in ways that would defy your ancestors' belief. Even the rather elementary math that you were taught was obviously advanced, and you knew that because some of your ancestors had given much thought to the art of mathematics.

"But what if Silene die? She's the only one of her kind that we knew of," a male voice said.

"We need the DNA just in case," your mother answered.

"But the biology is impossible by our standard!" an agitated voice spoke up. "How do we even know if cloning will work?"

"We don't, but if Silene die, then the DNA is our last great hope."

"If only there were more dragons...." a female voice said in resignation. You heard from your mother that people were searching for your dragon-mother or your relatives, or just other dragons. So far, it was mostly false positives and scams.

The conversation continued, only with more unpronounceable words that you were unable to decipher.

You grew frustrated and bored, so you went back to your TV.

---

It struck you that there were no hints of magical energy from any of the devices built by those humans. It would seem magical that they were able to build an endless stream of forest of steels and stones.

And no explanation had ever involved the use of magic that your ancestors had studied and knew of.

"Three, four, five...."

You were also growing increasingly bored with the presented material. So bored that the television had begun to lull you to sleep...

---

You woke up to the sound of your caretaker.

"Silene, it's time to go to school, " she said. "Also, you'll be getting a new teacher!"

As routine, you followed around until you entered a nondescript room with lot of cameras embedded into the ceiling. A new individual entered in, and you immediately realized it was not your teacher for the past few weeks.

"Please to meet you, Silene!" the green haired woman with blue eyes said. "I am Maria Raz, and I am a mathematician, and I am pleased to have the honor of tutoring you."

Immediately, she launched herself into writing down new and strange mathematical symbols of a rather different nature.

"Today, we'll be learning Algebra, " she said. "This is a very important branch of mathematics. Maybe you had something like that in your mother's memories. If that is the case, we will hopefully get past all of that."

You nodded and answered, "OK". It's a mannerism that you learned from your caretaker.

---

When all your activities with humans was done, it was already ten PM in the evening. These humans are hyperactive.

Even so, you learned a lot about the new strange world. It also got you really tired.

So when it was time for bedtime, you immediately fell fast asleep.

---

What did you dreamed about?

[X] - Traveling between planes.
[X] - Shapeshifting into a human form.
[X] - Living in a civilization with other dragons.
[X] - Write-in.
