[B]chp7_dreaming[/B]

There are three ways to gain memories bestowed to you by your mother. One is through the process of formal education in the waking world forcing you to search and exercise your mind, until you stumbled upon the relevant memories. Simply experiencing the world also activate this process, though at less intensity as you became more familiar with the world you found yourself in. Lastly, you would sometime dream, gaining access to memories that wouldn't otherwise be drawn out by interaction or formal education when you were awake.

Tonight, you drew on this third way, drawing on the memories of your maternal ancestors' skills and knowledge.

---
[B]Seventh generation removed.[/B]

Your first memories was the first transformation ritual performed by an ancestor 7th generation removed. It involved a lot of chanting and concentraction and concentric circles before it finally got going.

At first, one of your limb slowly contorted into an arm, an imperfect one at least. You grunted in pain and sweated as you practiced until you got it on the third try.

The whole orderal took a little over three days, only for the effect to wore off in an hour.

You frowned at all the effort being wasted and moved to another area of magic study that's more fruitfully.
---
[B]Fifth generation removed[/b]

You eyed lustfully over a certain male, gazing through your crystal ball, using a puppet crow for spying.

He was courageous, strong, wise, and loyal, and the most of all possess red hairs! But you're a dragon, and he's a human. There's no way you could court him as his mate. Unless....you become a human?

Alas, halfway through your study and rediscovery of the ritual, the human you pined for lost his head in a battle against the Orc hordes.

The orcs shall burn and burned they did.
---
[B]Three Generation Removed[/B]

You became a merchant, playing this human game to gain every quantity of treasure and craftmen to build ever grander halls. To do that, you need to be able to interact with humans at their levels.

So you learned the ritual of transformation from your ancestors, and improved upon it dramatically, getting rid of the concentric circles altogether and speeding up the process to only last thirty minutes.

You could do better...and in your spare time, you improved the speed.
