You welped at the white coated figure. As much as you wanted to get closer, you knew that this being wasn't in fact your mother. But without mother around, he or she might as well be. The figure opened and closed its mouth rapidly, emitting frantic sounds. Then there were lot of flashes coming from a device that you did not recognize. Then the figure holding the device disappeared from your vision.

The door creaked opened and then closed with a thud.

Strolling forward, you bumped against the clear confine of your nest.

There was something getting in the way, and it was a clear translucent border.

You became confused.

It was glass, but not glass? The texture felt different.

There wasn't any material like it that you remembered from your mother, and her mother's mother. Dragons had this special ability to inherit their ancestors' memories, especially in case they got lost or separated. It wasn't as good as actual teaching, but it will do.

So you sat on the flooring of your nest, which was soft sawdust, drawing on your memories of past lives, combing through thousand of years of memories....Alas, you found nothing.

Maybe it was a really obscure memory? Or maybe this was something entirely new, or a memory that was deemed unimportant.

You set aside your ignorance and began looking around your nest, trying to get a lay of the land.

It was completely unfamiliar to you. The only similarity was the geometric designs of objects that was the patterns of human civilizations across planes. Humans loved rectangles and squares, although they occasionally indulged in circles and sphere. Rectangles in particular were the dominant geometric shapes. This room was no exception.

However, tried as you might, the geometric designs were the only clue. You had no idea the purpose of most objects.

A door swung opened, and out come the first figure you sighted and another human.

There was more muttering and speech, but you couldn't even begin to understand. Normally, with mother's memories, you would be able to identify the tongue, if not understand it.

But it was impossible. You inferred the emotion in this room from their facial expression and excited tone. So far, it looked like they aren't planing to kill you. Maybe they're planning to eat you?

Instinct rose in your mind. This mayfly species may be unpredictable and hard to understand, but they held your life in their hands now. If they don't already try to kill you, they might later. Even though your mothers never gave you memories of their death, they always remembered the circumstances in which they are almost killed.

Those are the most valuable memories of all. As a welpling, you were in the most vulnerable state.

What you do right this instant will determine your fortune, now and in the future.

In particular, humans must see you as a useful person, or at least not a threat. You remembered the jobs that your mother had implanted in you. They love war dragons, dragons that can fly, even dragons that can craft metal objects.

You decided to....
