The profession of huntsmen violated the rule of military common sense. For example, Sam's girlfriend had forged her own bespoke gatling cannon largely from scratch. This was one of the requirement mandated by Signal Academy.

Huntsmen are unique like snowflake. No two of them are the same, especially since they each possess unique semblance, combat style, and weapon. It can't be helped since this is how aura worked. Some huntsman are just better with one weapon over another.

This would be a nightmare in a Terran army. There would be no commonalities in weapons, ammunition, or even capabilities, which made logistics startling difficult, and strategies difficult to form.

But the system worked, against Sam's belief into what was reasonable.

Huntsmen are cheap, even with years of schooling and training. More so that they are all one-man armies holding back the forces of Grimm. Moreover, with each passing year, the huntsman academies produced more huntsman at higher quality.

While they could not easily be organized into an army, except only on an ad hoc basis, they are the most potent paramilitary force on Remnant.

Sam Xiao Long had to admit that this sort of strange and bizarre system work.

Coco Adel's cannon burped to life.

He also had to admit that Coco at least examplified the Terran philosophy of "dakka", and more "dakka" for pretty much almost any problem. No nonsense about engaging the enemies in melee combat that other students loved to engage in.

"Alright!" she said. "We upped the rate of fire by a hundred round per minutes!"

"Are you crazy? That's more ammo you have to buy!" another classmate of her responded.

The adoptee sighed. At least he had talked sense into her about sticking to regular dust bullets rather than buying bespoke special dust bullets.
---
[b]later that day[/b]

Dating Coco Adel was an exercise in frustration? The Earthling wasn't exactly sure, except that she laid at his side while they walk.

She wasn't even interested in his novels or stories! Adel wanted to try out an intellectual and that was how he ended up as her boyfriend.

Weird girl. She only wear brown clothes, and Coco sound like a name for a cereal brand.

"Did you seriously say that out loud?" she asked.

"Yes?" he answered nervously.

"Why?"

"Well...umm...chocolate! I associate that name with chocolate."

She giggled slightly. What? She laughed at him?

"You're funny, and weird."

"You're weird too. Why are you so fond of wearing berets?"

"You don't like how I looked?"

"I do, but you're....a strange lady. Never seen a girl who does stuff like that."

"Well, as long as I like it and you like it, there's no reason to complain, right?"

"Right, I guess."

This was the longest relationship that Coco Adel had with anybody, extending to four month. It was also Sam's first and only relationship.

"You know, I never met anyone who wasn't in awe of, or was even in contempt of how huntsmen do things."

"I wasn't in contempt, just disbelieving!" Sam insisted.

She rolled her eyes at the Terran. "Don't lie to me. But in spite of that, you're funny and really smart."

"And?"

"You're one of a kind. I don't know, but it may be cheesy of me to say, but you think about the whole world differently. You're never scared of the Grimm, no matter how many horror films you went to."

"That's because they're fake and not very creepy at all. I can tell you stories even more creepy. How about vampires?"

"Vampires?"

She immediately turned away from her boyfriend's face.

"What?" Sam questioned.

"Yang warned me about this..."

"Warned you of what?"

"How about how you scared your little sister with stories of Red Ridding Hood. And you scared Yang with ghost stories."

The Earthling shrugged. "Not my fault if they read it."

She turned her head toward Sam again. "And you're forbidden from ruining our romantic evening with those creepy stories of your."

She surprised him with a kiss.
---
[b]A restaurant[/b]

It was a fancy restaurant with fancy foods. Both Sam and Coco are wearing their best attire for the evening. No t-shirt or jeans or even berets.

"Isn't this awfully indulgent of you?" Coco Adel pondered.

"Why not?" Sam answered. "I got money coming out of my job from summiting all kind of works to twenty different magazines. I already tested out of secondary school and Taiyang, my dad, let me live in his house rent-free. Aside from savings and investments, I got plenty of money leftover for other things."

"Even as a huntress-in-training, I felt slightly out of place," she said. "Look at all the adults around us."

"Well, I didn't pick this restaurant because it's fancy, but because it offer some of the best food in Vale."

"You're obsessed with food. That's a bit rich coming from a guy who don't eat much."

"It can't be helped, Coco. That's just how my body works. You on the other hand needs to eat. No nonsense about keeping your figures like I hear from Yang."

The waitress arrived with two new dishes. One small plate for Sam, and a rather large plate for Coco. Of course, there was no wines included, just soft drinks.

"I am going to take you to all the fancy places when I graduate from university."

"If you and our relationship last that long," Sam noted.

"Don't worry about that," Coco said confidently.

"The statistics said otherwise," he said dryly.

Coco narrowed her eyes. Sam can be frustratingly blunt sometime, but Coco was very confident in her ability to survive as a huntress.

"What if you faced an impossible situation where you need to make a choice to stand and die, or run away," the Earthling posed a question.

"I'll stand and die," Coco said without skipping a beat.

"Then you'll not be one of the lucky ones."

"What did you say?!" she said as she stood up.

"Coco, I don't question your talents or your skills, but I question how long our relationship will last if you simply go out and die."

She seated herself, while still gripping her forks and knifes with anger. Her boyfriend didn't even looked phased by her reaction.

"Is this how you see me, huh?"

"Didn't they say? All huntsmen career ends in tragedy," Sam paraphrased.

"I am not going to die."

"At least until graduation, I hoped."

"No. I am not going to die."

She made a smile. "I am going to be a hero that come home," Coco promised.

Sam's fork dropped out of his hand.

"Really? I'll hold you to that," Sam said. "Girlfriend or not."
