OC, not an SI.

Though that doesn't really mean anything.

Also, the chapters were previously snippets. I only had two, but it was clear by chapter two that it would become a long run fanfic.

Anyway, below is a re-edited prologue. No grammar guarantee here, though I am looking for a beta-reader.

This is not your typical fight or adventure fic. The OC isn't going to be waltzing around killing Grimm. He's far more likely to be the damsel in distress for the girls, rather than the other way around.
---
FROM EARTH

As the sun rose, sunlight shone into the Long household, lighting and warming the rooms on the east side. In particular, it lit a room that belonged to a relatively new member of the Long family.

The sounds of keyboard clacking rapidly can be heard intermittently, as Sam Xiao Long put his thought into writing, working out a villainous character he named Adolf Hitler, who was making speeches against his opponent in an exaggerated fashion.

He had fell out of the sky two years ago, but he lost all his memories. It was a classic case of retrograde amnesia.

The doctors were very grim about his recovery after seeing how slow it was, and he could never remember any personal details. But flashes of details still filtered through from time to time, like his extremely through historical knowledge of Earth's greatest wars. It was almost like somebody downloaded ten thousand wikipedias into his head. That gave doctors some hope, but ultimately they were disappointed at the end when the patient wasn't going to get any better.

Wait, what the hell was wikipedia?

In any case, he had no need for notes, because the knowledge can be recalled absolutely.  He could write out the great characters in the greatest war on Earth or an extremely detailed timeline of Earth, all without breaking a sweat.

Several knocks rung on the door.

"Saaaammmm! Time for breakfast!" Ruby, the ever hyperactive sister said.

"Coming!" Sam said, as he hit save on his computer. It wasn't ctrl-s, that's for sure. He had to learn to read and write in an entire new language from scratch as his command of English was entirely lost, which was too convenient.

Sam didn't dwell on that coincidental loss of knowledge as he walked into the dinning room.

There were the normal sized portions for everyone, except for him.

The docs had to tell Taiyang never to make too much food, because of Sam's 'condition'. Even his sisters were forbidden to hug him, except in a very controlled manner.

"Scrambled eggs and toasts for everyone!" Taiyang announced.

The girls enthusiastically dug in, while Sam took his time.

"Say, how's your novel?" Yang asked. Ruby thought his novel was too depressing, but apparently Yang enjoy it, even though she didn't really seem the type to read historical fantasies.

"Working through the Hitler speech."

"Honestly, he seemed a bit over the top. Why the hate against 'Jew'?"

"You're not supposed to understand. Racism didn't make sense. Just like people hate Faunus."

"But based on their religion and skin color?"

"Yeah, well, I got to pick something." Organized religion didn't seem to be a big thing here, and nobody was ever discriminated against for going against religious dogma. Ok, maybe they have in the past, but they're beyond Sam's limited knowledge of Remnant.

"Can we not talk about our dear brother's depressing book," Ruby whined.

"Rubes, humans are dick. Making them goody shoes isn't all that accurate. Remember that from-"

Ruby stuck out her tongue at me, while putting thumbs into her ears, in attempt to ignore my explanation and 'excuses'.

"I am going over to Vale to do some business," Taiyang said. "Sam's books are really good. I am thinking it ought to be published. Why don't you girls show him around as he visit a Vale publishing house?"

"Sure, dad," Yang said.

"No," Ruby responded at the same time.

"It's fine, dad. I don't need to have it published," Sam said. "I don't think they'll accept it."

"Nonsense! You don't know if you can succeed if you don't even try!" Taiyang said.

It was really great that Sam has continuous support from Taiyang, who despite being a busy hunter, managed to find time to read in-between, writing copious comments.

Sam learned a lot from that, and from Yang too. Even Ruby was helpful sometime, when she wasn't overly emotional.

Except of course, Sam really believed that Earth was real.
