Qrow did not know what to think of his adopted nephew.

He watched as his nephew strained himself against the weight put upon him, trying to bench it. Bulging muscle aside, he was really weak, which necessitated a spotter. Not that it would be any different for anybody else.

"I am done for the day, uncle," Sam said as he put the bar back to its appropriate place.

"You're really filling out for such a weakling," Qrow said. "I didn't even know it was even possible."

The writer smiled. "I am doing this to get nice muscles and to attract chicks, and of course my health."

"Worrying the doctors?" Qrow scoffed. "Just make sure you don't get into a fight."

"I know. I know. Run away. I am not that stupid, uncle."

"IQ doesn't mean street smart and wisdom," Qrow quipped. "I saw a lot of genius unable to figure out the simplest things, like pulling on a door when you should had pushed."

"Whatever." His favorite nephew rolled his eyes.

"We got a long flight to Atlas tomorrow," the veteran noted. "Run through the checklist after your shower." In his long experience as a huntsman, it pays to have quality of life and lifesaving items when you needed it, rather than scrambling or suffering without you need. Double-check and triple-check was just ingrained habit. It's very likely that his nephew will forget, so he will do a double-check in the morning as well.

"Ok dokey," the Earthling affirmed.

Sometime later, the Long family was at the dinning table enjoying a nice family dinner.

Every time he sat there, Qrow can't help but notice the small dinner serving for Sam. If he didn't know, the boy was trying to diet or that he was being punished, but that was just what the doctor ordered. Nonetheless, the boy didn't really seem to think much of it as he partook in the smashed potatoes and steak.

"Uncle?" Ruby interrupted his train of thought. "Why can't I go with you and Sam?"

"That's because you have school tomorrow."

A sour look appeared on her face. "BUuuuuuuut Sam never went to school."

"That's because he's one of the smartest man in the world," Qrow excused. "He doesn't need to go to school. It would only slow him down." It was of course omitting the fact that his nephew tested himself out without Taiyang's permission, which was entirely legal under the law.

"Rubes, I already graduated," Sam added. "But it took a lot of hard work, and unless you're willing to spend more time on academics, there's no way you're going to do what I can do." Ruby fumed under deep jealously of her brother. Anybody could graduate earlier, but very few were willing to work that hard.

Taiyang sighed, "you're lucky that you weren't up to no good. And you should had told me those things, and I would had approved."

"You wouldn't like it anyway," Qrow warned Ruby. "It's a business trip, not a pleasure cruise. Your brother here is going to a very special kind of doctor."

"What kind of doctor?"

"The mad scientist one!" Sam joked. "Seriously, all they're doing is studying my physiology to make sure I am healthy."

"As everyone in this household knows, Sam has no undetectable aura to speak of, and you girls can't hug him whenever you like. So I am bringing him to Atlas to get some answer and hopefully fix his body."

"Seriously, I am healthy," Sam insisted.

"You're functional at best," Qrow rebutted.

"Yeah, whatever."

Neither was inclined to continue. It always ended in the same way, a long running argument on his adopted nephew's health. Qrow and Taiyang had to pull all the stop to find someone who could handle Sam's case. Then they had to convince him to see new doctors. Sam had enough of the old routine of meeting new doctors to discuss medical mysteries and risk being in the public eyes.

The fact remained that the adults in this household were worried about his condition and what it means for the future.

---
Airship en-route to Atlas

"So glad we're not packed in like Sardine," Sam commented. They were in one of the observatory room. Qrow, as a huntsman, was able to obtain generous discount for first class tickets, not that the price mean much. Huntsmen are some of the best paid profession, ranking above even doctors and scientists.

Qrow arched an eyebrow, "Sardine?"

"Oh! Smelly oily fishes smushed together into cans."

"I wonder what you really had read in your past life, with the photographic memories you have." Taiyang found him falling from the sky, literally. "You have knowledge that no brats like you should had."

"Would you believe that I am from another world?" Sam asked.

There was a pause as Qrow pondered the question. "Nah."

"What if I believe it? What if I am really from Earth?"

"That shithole of a place?"

"It's not a shithole."

"You written a shithole."

Sam sighed in frustration. "Will you seriously answer the question?"

"I don't know where you are going with this. However, absence of an ability to travel between worlds make no difference in the grand scheme of thing. Earth would remain fictional. No one would believe you."

"What if it isn't?"

"Then some people will immigrate to get away from the Grimm."

"I thought you say it's a shithole."

"It's a shithole with no Grimm. And to some people, that's basically the only factor that matters."

Suddenly, the veteran huntsman took out his flask and sipped some alcohol.

"Uncle! You're going to die of alcohol poisoning," the brat chided.

"Kid, we're all going to die of something. So stop pestering me with that line, and let me indulge in this poison."

Every time he did drank in front of the kid, he would pester Qrow, much to his annoyance. The brat had to be hypocritical for not doing it for other people! Even Taiyang and nieces tolerate the brat's behavior, and for good reason.

---
Atlas Defense HQ
Ironwood's office.

There was a palpable tension in the air. Neither the general and the huntsman like each other very much.

"So you have no ulterior motive coming here?" Ironwood questioned. He was of course referring to businesses relating to Ozpin's conspiracy group that both were part of.

"None of that sort today. I have a nephew that I am really concerned with who needs help. And part of your research and development team were focused on Aura. So it's a win-win for both of us."

"No aura? It's impossible."

"More likely an undetectable aura. However, even a mouse has more aura than my nephew. As my nephew likes to joke, he has no soul."

"Why did Long adopted him?"

"No real clue. However, I don't think he needs a reason to adopt a new son. But it seems to done a lot of good for him. He's actually dating women again." He said that last line with some envy.

"I see..."

"My nephew wanted your autograph, and he has something for you."

Qrow took out his scroll and sent a pull request to Ironwood's scroll.

"I am sorry?"

"Sam became a professional writer. You might have seen his stories in future fiction magazines if you aren't too busy to ready any. But his real talent lies in the military science that was the basis for all his work. I don't expect anything he had written to be an immediate use or applicable to our situation, but I did review all his articles."

"Trying to help your nephew out?"

"Maybe. But I wouldn't recommend him to you if he wasn't any good. I talked and discussed what he had written to others, with his permission of course, to make sure that I wasn't just imagining things."

"I'll read those articles if I have the time, but no guarantee."
---

"Please give me the bad news first, doctor," Qrow said. The man in front of him was an old doctor who was a rather absent minded genius. He was in charge of ambitious R&D projects, among other things, a large scale aura detector, useful for measuring the level of civilization. This doctor also knew more about aura than anybody else on the planet.

"It is a mystery," Polendina said. "It contradict all we known about aura. I even tested if he was attracted to negative emotion. Thankfully, that wasn't the case. The medical doctors on my team weren't sure if he was healthy or not."

Momentarily, a fit of anger seeped through. There was no way that Sam could be a Grimm. But he knew Polendina was if nothing, very through in his experiments.

"He is going to live a long boring happy life, right?" Qrow hoped.

"For the foreseeable future, yes. Aside the low metabolism and limited muscular performance, there should be no issues."

"That's a relief."

"However, we would like to schedule some sort of regular visit to see how he's doing."

"Understandable, but you'll need buy in from Sam."

It was only moments later that he saw Sam in his hospital grown, irate as usual.

"So, the same old routine, eh?" Qrow started the conversation.

"Much better than the other doctors," Long responded. "They seem to understand more about what they're doing."

"But you're not happy."

"Nope, not with all the tests and shits. I am only entertaining it for Dad, and for science."

"They want to set up regular visits. Is that all right with you?"

"Do I get paid?" The huntsman smiled at the unexpected answer. He didn't care about money, but the level of shrewdness that his nephew show? He would go a long way.

"We'll see."
