Sam was thirteen years old when he arrived on this planet. Or rather, it was the age that made the most sense to Sam. It helped that he got the body and doctor diagnostic to go with it.

But he can't help but think that he should be a lot older, much more mature.

Nonetheless, even with amnesia, the hunter that founded him wished to adopt him. In that moment, Sam was so happy that he said 'yes.'

Which was how he ended up with two sisters, each serving as his protection detail.

The family was worried about how fragile he was. Sam insisted that he could deal with it just fine in his daily life. Nonetheless, they listened to the docs, rather than the wayward Earthling.

"Say, are you going to tell me another story of SG-1?" Ruby asked, eyes beaming with excitement. The trio of them were walking along a street in the kingdom of Vale. Unlike nations back on Earth, each kingdoms were literal metropolis city-states. Although at time, it didn't really seem like a big city.

"Hmmm. I think about it," Sam said. SG-1 was quite frankly a badly written story for all the enjoyment he had gotten of it. But he cribbed it all the same to adapt the story to Remnant, which had certain expectations.

There were certain implicit ideas about stories and adventures that had been established in this culture.

For example, the most obvious idea is that Grimm was always a presence in stories, even if they never actually shown up. The fear was always there. It never disappeared even as one lived behind the walls of the great four kingdoms.

Another was the ideas of heroes and villains who stood above all others in combat abilities. Some people are simply more talented and stronger than others, and they get selected to be warriors against the darkness that threaten to devour civilization.

"PLllllllllllleaassee?" Ruby begged with puppy eyes.

"Alright," the Earthling said. "This is a tale of a black hole, a scorned hunter, and a..."

With that, Ruby became a dutiful listener, sucking in an episode of SG-1, made for Remnant. Of course, the name had to change to match the color coded name schemes, and everyone had to be a hunter, even Daniel Jackson. In this culture, it wasn't all that strange for hunters to have qualification other than hunting monsters.

Just as Sam was about to wind down the story with a dead hunter, Yang interrupted with her announcement. "Bro, we're here at the HQ."

The writer looked up. He can see the clocktower design that was the distinctive logo for  Vale Publishing Inc.

"You girls have fun. I am going to be fine on my own," the fifteen years old said.

"Ruby going to be bored out of her mind, but I insist on coming," Yang said. "I am one of your biggest reader. I can help defend your work."

"But you're my sister. You're supposed to like my work."

"Oh please, reading a half a million words? Nobody, not even Dad would read that much if it wasn't any good."

Sam sighed. "You're going to come with me, whether or not I want it?"

"Please, if you think you can convince the publisher on your own, then I'll just hang out with Ruby."

"Fine," the writer said with annoyance.

"Ruby, we're going to be here for quite a while. Why don't you treat yourself to the arcade?"

"Okay."

"Rubes, just be careful, OK?" There was instinct ingrained in Sam that told him that it was dangerous to let Ruby wander the street on her own. But plenty of other kids are out there alone without any adult supervision. This was normal. He had to surpass that protective desire, and even then, it sometime leaked out.

"Okay!"

Immediately, Ruby took off for the arcade, accelerating at speed that wasn't humanely possible.

She could probably beat Usain Bolt in a fair sprint-off. Not that she will ever meet the fastest splinter on Earth.

The Long sibling headed into the atrium where they were greeted by a receptionist.

"Sam Xiao Long, author," the teenager said.

"This way to floor 1A," she responded quickly. "Have a good day."

"You too."

The author and his sister headed up to floor 1A, where they were greeted by a very blue woman in formal mind boggling business attire. At least the office wasn't a garnish display of color, but more of a subdued design. Sometime people around here can get carried away expressing their creative desire.

The blue haired woman introduced herself, "I am editor Azure Sapphire, and you must be Sam Xiao Long, and who is this?"

"Uh no," the blonde said. "Sam is a boy. I am a huntress in training. My little brother here is the writer you're looking for."

"Oh! I am sorry! You looked so young. You're eighteen years old?"

"Fifteen," Sam corrected.

"Sorry, sorry. Don't mean to assume!"

"That's alright. Can we get to business?"

"Sit right there."

The sibling sat themselves on a table while the editor printed out a sample of his manuscript that Sam had sent over the network.

"I love your stories, by the way. Couldn't guess that you would be this young," she said. "I took a look at samples of your manuscript, and they're all high quality technical writing. It's obvious that you got a lot of feedback on what you written."

"My family pitched in as readers," Sam said. "They'll been very helpful, especially my sister, Yang."

Yang did a thumb up as if she were on cue. Thanks for the support!

"Let start with your main work, Bands of Brothers, over five hundred thousand and growing. Your worldbuilding was very strong and that made it up for the very slow start. I liked how you address all the major questions one might have about the lack of Aura and Grimm."

"At first, Sam would start writing without explaining anything," Yang recalled. "It was very confusing, and Dad and I had to pester him with lot of questions until he rewrote it, several time."

That continued for a while as the editor went through each manuscripts that Long had submitted, running the gambit from space opera to historical fantasy. As with any new reader, they gave new perspectives and valuable feedback that the writer overlooked.

Yang sometime interpreted and explained the work in new ways in which she hadn't thought to explain to Sam or that the writer hadn't thought to ask. That was valuable as well.

Generally, the main topic was Sam's World War Two story about paratroopers.

"However..." the editor said. Her tone switched from excited and deeply interested to a firm and authoritative voice.

"As...in?" Sam asked.

"We don't typically publish first-time authors with a manuscript over fifty thousand. Your main work is five hundred thousand words. You also excluded any huntsmen of any description in your story, and even went so far as to make aura forbidden. Dust is also forbidden, destroying any other familiarity they might have."

"What?" Sam said.

"People want to read about huntsmen. Fifty percent of our sales came from stories about huntsmen. Your characters die horrible pointless death in what was supposed to be an idyllic Earth, going against the legend of Earth. All those factors made your work an enormously difficult sale."

"Umm.."

"But you said Sam was a really good writer and that his work deserved to be published!" Yang interrupted before Sam could make a reply.

"Deserving to be published is not the same thing as commercial viability," the bluehead countered.

"But he's just one guy! You can bet on one guy, right?"

"Sorry, but there's too much uncertainty. For every one blockbuster, five or six will fail and those cost must be recovered. What if there are too many failures and not enough blockbusters? This place will be out of business. Can you give me a reason on why it would succeed beyond the sheer literacy quality of your brother's work?"

"She has a point, Yang."

"But...."

"Publishing is a business. I don't think even our dad would be that naive."

Yang quieted down, not knowing what to do.

"That's the bad news," Azure said. "But the good news is that the rest of your stories can be published and serialized and we can definitely work with that. With your myriad of stories you have plenty of opportunities to succeed as a professional writer. But you must still be in school, correct? You'll have to get permission from your parent."

Sam smiled. "Don't worry about that. I am not in any schools and I can write ten thousand words a day in my sleep. Writing came very easy to me. Editing, ditto." Then the author arced his eyebrow. "However, is there any way to get my Earth manuscript published?"

"No is a no."

"But if I am a successful author, then you could ride on my popularity?"

"Your other works are substantially different from what you have written. I doubt it will  be an easy sell even with your reputation. We have authors who sold big on one series but barely break even on another in a completely different genre. What becomes popular is quite often a crapshoot."

Long sighed. It looked like he wasn't going to get anywhere.

"Then, I would have to write progressively darker and more unique stories," Sam concluded. "Build up an audience that'll follow me regardless of what I write."

Azure pushed on her glasses. "Hmm...yes, that could work. I'll have to confer with my boss. But I can't guarantee that we'll ever publish your World War Two book series. But please, remember, slots in our future fiction magazine are limited, and if the experiment fails, and most likely it will, we won't continue publishing it."

"That's fine with me. As long as I can publish it somewhere."

"I'll have the lawyers put it in writing, along with your serialization contract. It should be done by the next day. Are you going to be back here?"

"Yes."

"Then it's settled."

---

Yang went out slightly mad and feeling a bit useless.

"Sorry, bro, I thought I could help," Yang apologize.

"No problem sis. I thought you could help me here, but apparently not much. You're still my pillar of support."

"Really??? And you were such a smooth operator..."

"I meant it, honestly."

"Honestly honestly?"

"Yeah, Yang. Honestly. Without you, I wouldn't be able to sneak back in my WW2 stuff."

Suddenly Yang looked a lot better once she was convinced that I wasn't simply lying to her to make her feel better.

Ruby came back at blitzing speed after being notified from her scroll that we're done with business. "So how was the meeting? Did you get published?" she asked away very rapidly.

"Rubes, Stargate SG-1 is going to get published."

"REALLY? OMGICAN'TBELIEVEIT!" Sam's little sister swiveled around in excitement, pumping fist in the air. It was adorable, really.

Sam smiled. Nothing like plagiarism to grease the flow of liens.
