"Earth?" Ruby, a four years old, asked.

It was storytelling time or question time, and next, was bedtime. But Summer Rose always relish those time with her daughter. Before she knows it, Ruby will have outgrown those bedtime stories. As a mother, she wanted to indulge it as much as she can.

"Yes. Legend told us that is where we came from. It is an idyllic world, with no Grimm to hunt us. We are free to go where ever we like, and live anywhere we like. There would be no huntsmen or huntress because they aren't needed."

"What's idyllic? And why no huntsmen?! I don't like that idea!"

"Hon, idyllic means wonderful. Earth is a wonderful world, because we don't have to be scared. As for huntsmen, why do they exist?"

"To fight monsters!"

"That's right! And Earth has no monsters. We don't have to be scared. Your mom and dad don't need to fight."

"But they're heroes!"

Rose smiled weakly. "Hon, they are heroes because there is something wrong with the world and they can fix it, sometime only they can. I want to live in a world where we don't have to fight."

"Huh?"

"Hon. Do you want to spend more time with your mother and father?"

"Ummm..yeah!"

"Then, one way to do that is to have no creatures of the dark. Huntsmen and huntress would spend more time with their families, and they don't have to be afraid anymore."

"Ohhh...." Suddenly Ruby perked up. "Alright, I'll become an huntress and fix the world forever!"

Rose smiled at her child's apparent understanding.

---
[B]Eight years later[/B]

The doctors...Sam dreaded it. But he humored his adopted family anyway.

Sam had no detectable aura to speak of, lost memories, low metabolism, and low strength. In other words, he's an Earthling.

Taiyang made it a point for the entire family to visit. Father asserted his longevity in the field to his doctors and taking care of his health.

Not sure if it was true, as Uncle Qrow kept drinking anyway and never bother to visit the docs except when he landed himself involuntary in the hospital. Maybe it was like smoking. Wasn't really good for anyone, but there were always stories of ninety years old surviving that long without cancer.

"Sam Xiao Long? Doctor Adel is ready for you," the intercom said.

Sam sighed at the mention of his therapist.

This clinic was a full shop too, caring for both physical and mental health.

There was something often left unsaid about huntsmen. It was a glamorous job, full of perks and privileges, but also a life filled with danger, and with those danger, came death and injuries on the battlefield.

And one did not have to be on the battlefield to die. Depression or suicide can take hold. Sometime that means huntsmen charing into no-win situations head on to die. But otherwise, they died with a whimper. Hence, therapy for the minds was a consideration.

But therapy sucked, if you aren't sick in the first place.

The walk was short, but it felt so long as Sam entered Adel's office.

"Hello, Doctor Adel," Sam said unenthusiastically.

"Oh hello, I am reviewing your latest IQ test. It was very impressive," the brownhaired woman said. "But never mind that. How are you? How was family life?"

"This is where I am supposed to say, 'fine', right?"

"Tell me how you truly feel. No one will hear this, not even your dad."

"Same thing as last time, right? A fantasy world that I am living in. I still have a hard time believing it sometime."

"No doubt caused by your eidetic memories," she said. "Or more accurately, photographic memories."

"And this is the routine where you tell me that it had to be something that I had written in my previous life or that I cribbed from an un-remembered relative or friend, when I still have my memories and live somewhere on Remnant."

"We been over this..."

"Yeah, you don't believe me, even with all the details and explanation."

"No need to be so antagonistic. But it would do you and I a disservice if I simply entertain..your..."

"Delusion. No need to beat around the bush."

She sighed in frustration. "As long it's not interfering with your life. I am fine with it."

She wasn't fine with it. Why would she be? And she was right. It would be unbelievable to someone on Remnant.

They couldn't imagine humans without aura, and science without dusts, or a world without Grimm. This was the basic fact of life on Remnant. This was all they ever knew.

But the writer couldn't help but butt his head against the reality that he was in.

To a psychologist like her, it seemed that I am indulging myself in a delusion.

"It may sounded like something you want to hear, but I am doing really well," Sam said. "My persistent disbelief in reality notwithstanding. I got serialized as a writer. Been exercising, to the horror of my family doctor. Hell, I even got abs. Still can't lift shit and I am definitely not depressed."

"Sounds good."

"Really? You're not going to question me?"

"You have been honest so far, and I can tell when my patient is lying to me. It came with the job of working with huntsmen. Let talk about your IQ result."

She beamed the information over to Sam's scroll, in which he immediately access.

"Congratulation, your IQ is in the top 1% of the population," she said.

"Wha?" he said.

"If you had been paying any attention to your result over the last two years, your IQ scores kept improving every time. So much that we had to replace your last test with a much harder one."

"So that's why..."

"We did not want to prejudice you."

"But I never felt particularly smart. I am still having hard time with concept and ideas, you know?"

"That may be natural, especially since you were unable to do the simplest thing in the beginning. Your scores were the result of what you were able to recover. But it looked like your biographical memories may be well beyond your reach indefinitely."

"Yeah, I guess."

"Now that's over with. Is there any topics you wish to talk to me about?"

"No, nothing at the moment."

"Well then, I am sure something will come up later."

"Like my sisters becoming huntress? It scared me. Dad scared me. Uncle scared me the most. But I learned to live with it."

"And that's where my business lie, unfortunately."

"I tried to scare Ruby straight off the path. It backfired, though. She has her heart in the right place for the right reason. I am not sure about Yang though, but it seemed that she was too strongheaded to listen to me."

"I don't think it's a good idea..."

"You're right. But I read the statistics. It's a very dangerous job."

"And this is why you write grim stories?"

"No, doctor. Haven't I told you? They are not fantasy to me and they are not grimdark."

"Or so you keep telling me..."
